You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can show you as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic generally is something that you fall into somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollyn.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in State, Ohio.
When they hit up to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to enter the bathroom room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Portuat who said, "I need to see you.
I'm distinguished that of adults we never get to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to come up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clever.
We went to see us, we laugh, crying, and we realized that she needed to be hostile.
We found it a place, we interacted it, and we looked at it, and we loved her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet as an adult came to me, became a company of censorships, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had shut down, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked about was made in its own.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that today was talked about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first tumors.
I was amazed.
My heart heart heart, I was market, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The taboos to me around the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't think that it was a child of snow about another snow of snow after year.
The tumors are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice barriers apart.
Each subject has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to get back and hold up to the end, while others can't hold it more and develop into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a iceberg that are separate and used alone, as much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a table is determined, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a team is determined, a team releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I was approaching these tables as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and they won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they develop it, it's not a end, but a continuation of their way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice teams that photograph is very young -- has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a table that I photographed in Kevinoloba, Greenland.
It's just a little bit frequent to get a very strong table.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a Greenland table, average size.
Sure of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so now, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them getting a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the world.
And in the other case, the X crush of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the world.
Both of them are trying and started life.
We will talk about them later.
In my land activity will make two roles.
In one of my roles -- I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a strategy of training, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what they thought about about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a patient defense or, as I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with similar twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with enthusiasmic people, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of athletic sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it intelligence.
International adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples of having a sex that is not funded in male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with the X-ray of XBI -- which is the X-ray of the chromosome and tells the proteins, which we all have in the cheap life, that become testimos.
And then, in the physical life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks from testosterone. The body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome syndrome of anger.
So there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops to be a typically female course.
When it was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing that, you realize that instead of having ovarian and a bit of a thing, you actually have testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's really not.
Women, like men, we have something called supermarket glacies.
They're in the back of the body.
Solar glands produce anger, the hormone of malaria.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know your chromosome structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to antibiotics.
We produce anger and respond to anger.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the anger that the woman who was born with testimos that has the sensor syndrome to the anger.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that the interfaces are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you will, had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and just discovered that he had ovarian and a way.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as conflict supermarket hyperactive.
It had 20th chromosomes and the surface glands, they were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their grandchildren were massively, their brain was exposed to the typically male component.
I was born with a little kid, nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by internal metrography, when doctors found that in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intersection.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as anticipating, which is to say, they have radio tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- -- they're funny, twin twins, or intelligents.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity -- presumably being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with capitalism.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individual.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born like two people within a same body.
The most little recent case is last year with the South South African Carrot Case Seattle -- he was put on trial of their sex in the International Georges of Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine if Casey Sensie is a man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a relative line between men and women or internal men and women and international and international -- we are who we take that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- are much more different than what we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do about the fact of the fact of the fact of a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the metrics of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to spend a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to those of the goals.
There are very undermine discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- and when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to vote with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could get someone like me.
In politics I'm a progress, by defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It is a lot more unstable.
Ten from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I'm an advanced fervent of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audiences and so radical in what they did, that I find each of them looking at that music current "Cuts and not by music, which is totally passionate.
This is what happened in 1777 with the parents.
The parents were forested to me, the first activities of the anatomy and explained to them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what our founding parents were ready was the idea of monarchy. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy in a very simplistic concept.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth rights.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was reached by the blood rights of blood transport to the father and then the son, etc.
The parents forested that idea and replaced it by a new atomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomical differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a illustrated system where two things were testing them.
It was democratizing democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it was very clear, if we look at the history of Foundals Foundation, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading out of supernatural explanations, and they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look at it, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were transforming the idea of anatomical consciousness.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what years happened next?
And women succeed.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Sandya Tricker who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights Movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color that applied to the anatomical consciousness about the animal difference, and again, they succeed.
We see the same with the Department of Discoveries.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at consumers, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain dimensions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't mean that we should give us back to the adaptation.
I don't want to say that five year-old children had been allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense of me and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two conscious beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concepts in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms of the March 1 of March was born.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed all three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to boom.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other rares in relation to their rights.
Henry Hero, in virtue of being considered man, but I haven't told you if it's XIL, in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory performance that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary -- by his part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in many aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could show up?
I don't want to give you science to science, but at the same time I feel like science is thrown out.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to cross online somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have a chromosome and that to marry a woman you've got to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't do some physical tests to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the sentence of inspiration to the anger.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I make a solution -- offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy going beyond the anatomy going on.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their career?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people rights, because I have to admit that I know from some relative pollen that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also mean that maybe some speakers that I know can make more informed decisions and intelligent and managers about their sexual relationships than people from 40 that I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content there?
It turns out very difficult.
And one part of me asked what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance responsibility.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still looking at this kind of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed unless it's willing to join a sex change, which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon with which I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made it a couple years ago that he had been giving birth to six-eyes and then to get up with her fame and to get their fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason of operation -- it was a very risky operation -- I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very malaria and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has the political asylum.
The United States provides huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to end I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist female, which is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical technologies, in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interface, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about critical studies is that women, in average, not all of all, but in average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the project, one of my advice I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist -- I was made a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist has feedback.
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've heard.
The feminist has to do with resistance of gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I've thought about his question, the more there has seemed to me there's something female in the feminist.
I mean, there might be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very careful to find the way to protect people from the state of the state, it's possible to have increased more moms to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the replicating support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond adaptation, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect universe, let's think about what we do each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily get rid of the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were owners and that the other half would still fail to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity by making amounts of amounts in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the balls and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amounts.
But they could go to a completely new place, building a completely new apartment building, and when the rules of that place make the construction rather than putting them in.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under statistics.
Later at the same time, I learned that about the same time, Japan and Olympic were thinking about the challenge of reform Hongs.
They knew that every year about 75,000 horses would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hongs went through a displaced constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pepsi World was striking with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
She asked Ohetawark to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current designers of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both of technologies like rules to progress, and usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to Open a link with TED.
I showed it to Jane.
They called me.
They said, "Let's introduce the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value value in a place like New York -- you know, land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Olympic said, "Pack, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a low status city is a place where you start with devices that are stored, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras. He called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and talk again about four and five person.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennett, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennett.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the holes that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody supported correct.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The leader of Congress came to the platform and said, "Professor Romer, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat and showed the TED.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be in Honduran, rather than hundreds of miles away from North North.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the London government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the partners that would help them establish and make the standards of the statue, so that they could all trust that the status is effectively broken.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily run about 1,000 square miles.
And shortly after January 19 voted in Congress to send their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed these special regions of development.
In a country that I just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress to favor of this constitutional emission was 124 to one.
All the participants, all the choices in society, they arrived.
To include the constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17 was approved again in another voting of 141 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the volume, from 21 to 24, a department of about 30 horses went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the permission.
The other interesting country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that allows managers to come, and at the same time allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate institution for this new judicial system.
There's urban and building cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've solved is that they have a good number of tools.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents that have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes they're solar mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even children are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Hongs."
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to do a public conference, and it's that, I live obsessed with the shops.
I love to find, to dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suit attracted and colors and different for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of floors and seasons of second hand.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my career in the environment and in my wallet.
I come to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it into my personal search search search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be from my table?
Would the color like that?
I'll cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I empathed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring up with someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of internal clothes, and nothing else.
Interest roll for exactly a week is all I've put in my pocket.
I imagined it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the points for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is what I call a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost see family for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the charge, was 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lights is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be from bad humor, when you're watching a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Markets: The integration is available.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Miracles: Wow!
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the discussions, or I remind them to their little seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Jones: trust is the key.
If you think you see you with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Virging: One universal truth six words for you: The golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, seriously, developing a personal style and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I went home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get away emotionally to these things, because around the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant string to me, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the attitude of each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you take your brain on this scale?
Some of these things are going to operate for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integrations of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both of these hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical to get these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see as they react to, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
certain intuition that may have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always falls down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught a precious lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to transplant them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars playing with these little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like you can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics.
And at that point we found the physics a few years ago, needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't look very well to my intuition and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But it didn't look well at my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles, and all small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical support.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal period that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then we do a good approach to the small metal track.
What we see is a little bit of metal party, in a form of transportation, and that supports support in a platform.
And then I did this almost like you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this vent for a form of swimming sticks that are found underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum support, but for it it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually stick.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel couples of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that classified it and the wind that goes on on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal plate to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to explain all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a shock and we extracted the entire air and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way it was vibrating was like a breathing of this shape -- like a force that expands and controls.
And when you give it a smooth push, we could make it vibration and not travel at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is vibrating and doesn't travel at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the billions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are the same, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's only in instant determined when those are stringle.
In the rest of the time, they're deployed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth taking me in a clean room to do this for all those years -- because look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that metal period is sort of the same than the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places -- why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part to talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you get your consciousness if your body was deployed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and we look inside the box, we saw that the metal is still there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep length of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Airen.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It Google of a great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than I show the demo to then tell you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So simply -- let's go to Gorefore.
Look around all the museums there.
There's the Gelarite gallery that MSC, the Mombie, the Rio -- the Rio Van Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metaphor, the New York art museum in art.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and pay and bank, we are inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bob or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and they are fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We opened up the plane, and with a single click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the password.
They go forward. They are dividents.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Palestine Bronx cockroaches in the Metaphor.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the data information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains it, I think, about 10,000 million dollars.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million percent?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million dollars.
It can be done very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to do it.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I spent a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "importance, which is to hit an eye with a stick on the Martin Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go through the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump back to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night star?
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pillars?
And if you want to see how Van Google actually created this teacher pattern."
It increases it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Star Night? I think I've never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "College."
All of you, absolutely all, no matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call the power of the "Mason -- we just made a email around.
It's about "The Medians in the National Gallery of London.
You can get things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel in the counter of these masterpieces of teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope in this digital medium to do justice to its artwork of art and that it's properly represented online.
And the big question they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a piece, a flying pill.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of formula one, I took a budget and he took it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what you call control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accent.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer abuse.
And, like that, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and actions.
To address cities is a big thing.
As a note of approach wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Pain Antarctica exhibition for late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Uncle "The "The Thing "The Thing."
Well, our objects, the environment, starts to speak.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and actions.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Mike Angelesher sculpted the Moses, it says that at the end of the end, he took the hammer, and he brought it to the Moses -- you still can see a little metal underneath -- and he said shouting, "Perfect no paralyzing? Why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to speak.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples. In the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a lucky summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zealand gave the head.
And anyway, at the end they won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happens on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Earth.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early afternoon there are people over here and there doing call, moving around.
It starts the party: silence.
Gold de France, Italy.
The environment. People do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of relative time.
First of all, extra time.
Zeronon, and at a moment, your head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah.
That night everybody was to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachure where, from the time, people will celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all of the chips that make a Machine, how they expand.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in their device through the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to tag what they were getting around, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of all would land.
Then we put a little chip, a tag to the trash and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
Standard standard.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They are happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we run doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on a day still goes on there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the project of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asia Buddhist, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is acting on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Karasury.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will you join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and values, solar volumes, tends to open and shut down.
It's created as a water current, with water pixels of water.
If you fall down the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to the Bell mayor of this.
He liked it a lot.
And I set up a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Expert.
We call it Diager Dalian Danie.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors and no windows, but when you approach it to open up so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salaries, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
There will always be somebody, in the winter, when the roof goes down, someone who was there and said, "Do the building demonstrate.
No, it's not that they have discussed it, but when you go down almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I'm myself trying to not die when you test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Karasury came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go by, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water and you had to jump out not to move.
(Biologist noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of use that people will give us to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the water pixels and projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter in the air and you have a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
It's kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels in it.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a piece of pixels at 3D to which you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles, and see from very different numbers.
This is the real controlled Flipero, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the Metropolitan star of New York and the Millennium School -- to capture their movements at 3D and use them as an entry for the Flock.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitize in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can get all the way back.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and retail.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flock.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a cloud of clouds, like the grain of grain, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody dream a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that's happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign will show you, we can move from the digital world, from the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, in a collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pescasses.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered from pills.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, you can serve to share the main moments of the 2012, 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new summit of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital fantasy at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better way, to be stronger to have more resilient.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of itself?
What about good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you love most.
What would you like to, if you could choose something?
(Music "member "I "Did Creative Computer."
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
A few -- probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you would choose the memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a sitting here at TED conference, but today I want to give you the look at a doctor about the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED. Dooghness, who was in the Church Of Russian Russia, wrote an essay titled not in biology makes sense of the light of Evolution."
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Is it about the other or to us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch is, of course, the most interesting one.
We moved from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hospitals.
Some of them have gone back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem to be far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indicators, from the parachute coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacterial gut than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antarctica Dama raises the amount of autonomy -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, heat, it's very accelerated.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want no effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or would you become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast unusual symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I recently entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by electricity and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell simply divides and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the daughters.
But when the multicellular organisms appear. Things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you might say that the inevitable death of the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was happening, I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burkabs, which was still done in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, it finds a gorgeous little dancer.
He looks at it and he says, "Come on for a sex seat."
"Okay, he says, "George, "I choose source."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is about spending genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reform rockets designed to send genetic load to the next orbiting level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the louder or the faster, and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the marketing bacteria that can survive the heat of the friends that would produce, if there were fish there, friendly cooked to the vacuum, yet you've managed to do that an accelerated environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about human place in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discovered and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confined our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated ourselves, we collect it, and we get so far that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution are speeding down, but they're inexpensive.
And in terms of instance," when as a species we put distant planets and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility, intriguing and frightening.
The so-called neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions that we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we will consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variables than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and family level.
Think about it as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your definition, but in your own body making genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the paper?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and died 13.
It cost 2,000 million dollars.
A year next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of human genome to a cost close to 20,000 and in a week.
It won't take a lot to get the human genome to actually get the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more and more of all.
You come those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the culture of the culture of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the table?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only another two little change?
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their description?
And if you could change the sperm and the volumes, or change the recent flight and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, remove the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want the hands of hands?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt hard supporting supporting supporting.
Why don't you have an email of a Ken Jenny especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distinct?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be argument.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in the neurologist.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more consider?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust, and more versus?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions often?
For good or evil, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor doing climate, click, click, climate.
click, click, click, click, solid.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the day.
It was the only one I could talk to with flight seats.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds?
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the plane with the Hudson River.
This is usually not the route.
I took the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most challenging words I've heard about.
He said, "I'm going to present for the impact.
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do, all the fence I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never have.
As I thought about that, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collection wine will be bad camera?
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency has actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were able to avoid George Washington Bridge Washington, which was not for a lot -- I thought about, where I feel a great weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and I have tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And I read the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonder.
I don't try to get right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to say, "15," 14 13."
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly, forget?
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, Wow, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was shown in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --  -- --   and scream.
And for me, that was all of the reason for the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live in another way.
You are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please don't be like -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would you do, that they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are they being the best parents that they can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graffiti gravity.
One day came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a piece of anthropologist.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDTalk has total paralysis today.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to paint Tony and TED, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, isn't that I saw Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate by those disasters?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Did anybody see the film "The school and the marketing?
They communicate in that way, and they go through the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I was introduced with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a crash that didn't have the least idea of how I would cover it.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that very moment -- "All right, this is the thing: Tony is going to talk about it, we're going to build it a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside your inner can't communicate it."
So I talked at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Grandin Gramm Research "The Lab who has a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser score, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and very much to move things on one side to another we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call him American because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "Don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was we brought seven programmers from all over the world literally from all the corners on the planet.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conferences and antibiotics took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we went back to the walls of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti in their place.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the March standard of Venice, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called "Warning "Reporting, and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap salary glasses that we buy on the shipping passage of Venus Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Department and Radio Shake.
We took a PCS camera, we opened it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- and it builds yourself -- we publish the free code, the software goes down in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says no."
There's no hospital that can say no."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is somebody else's room and that's his room.
There was all this bull and a little bit during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you could imagine what was the feeling in the parking parking season.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking parking way that we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and I would get out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go back with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magical screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy: "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweeted something about us, and then, in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up close the circle, is that in April this year at the GPS center in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Arthur in the Streets."
And Art in the Streets is going to have the best explorers of urban art, African Shakewitt, CAOTH, all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, I can make it possible.
Nothing that is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Institute -- nothing was possible at a certain moment.
Make it possible. Anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and I teamed up with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us every day when we find something we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when it's not me, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting me in usually very difficult situations and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked on a coal mine. dangerous.
I filmed in areas of war and hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to look at social issues in ways that turn out attractive, interesting, and, hopefully analyze them in a way that are seen and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and patriarchal, I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard that, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took an airplane in Egypt.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What there was this: "Ah ALS Americans presents my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and then content could be able to take it in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company by doing it.
But he said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that sale knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If I had asked me a year ago I couldn't have them tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we tested the world of marketing, prediction.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared -- nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Splail: I want to make a film that deals with the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with production and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest film ever selling?
What happens in "The largest film ever saved, is that everything from the top down to the bottom of the end, has market images, all the time, from the assumption that comes before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Cambridge Stanford, the Stars Center.
These people are going to be associated to the perpetrator for personality.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Kansas: Is it reduced. Is it what? (Mumbue" -- it's reduced.
I'm a reduction short.
It was "Presidential. It was for always."
But we're not just going to have the sponsors of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure we're going to ensure all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe you used to use.
The most great car you've been driving in "The largest film ever saved, the best chart you have been bored, corporate from "The largest film ever selling?
Andrew Korea, the idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film -- "MIT: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- at first at end.
And I would love that CEO to help make it happen.
Robert France: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
GH: However, I don't know how recently people are going to be.
MK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Agzler is very negative. But you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea. David Cohor: How much money does it do to do this?
MS: A million and a half -- "DNA, very good. John Kamel, I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but it certainly is worth convincing a couple of big brands to be worth it.
AK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie is going to look at us as a lot of joyful ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia: Most of the answers will be no."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, because of the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Muse: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what marks are.
MS: Yeah. (Mumbue" -- that's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MS: Okay. Turn the camera off.
MS: I thought that the camera, it meant to have a conversation outside of a microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No wanting to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media -- is not the idea to tell that new little bit of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you know, my idea had a wire mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for images of transportation in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way, Sergey Brit. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- that is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name the name, the president, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to make it really change it suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What's another thing arrested?
You're going to eat a whole cup of Conscipla White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is staring at me as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kiribati from many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my mind, I would have to remove the interface and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big movies, huge, giant and others who make small movies, independent as mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood films, giant Hollywood movies say that the reason their movies are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies from Hollywood movies?
And the movie is called "The largest film ever selling?
How are we going to see Bang in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my robot, you'll see the Bang Astonistory.
At any point during an interview with someone -- I can say, "Are you well fresh for this interview.
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you with you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there I would offer one of these fabulous weapons.
Both "The Forest "Freezing "Looks are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid, balloon, barrel, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a presidential look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similarly, the kind of small movies you said, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this is interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: The higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the analysis.
Man: We talked about a current thing, failed.
I think that fresh is a great word that really puts this catastrophic category versus the smell and the superhero."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you out longer? With better fresh, more fraud, three times more fresh.
Things like those who get the benefits.
MS: And that's a molecular company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Mam my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I will revive the 1980s, punching post-conflict unless it's a land day.
MS: Okay, what is the German brand, right?
German: Something unique. (MS: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark genome.
I like the dark colors, many gray children and things like that.
Usually I take access to sunlight galaxy, or I like the crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, Mercolanders Ben.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it cartoonist flight."
Woman 2: In a hippie part, partly people, part of a little girl, "Biotermill: I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of male.
It sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my small sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: March scripting fractal.
Is that something anything?
Abandon: I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom -- but I often classify in the intersection of dark glamour and cartoon flight."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the marketing personality."
And I found a company called Oliver California in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nest, February, Harlem to discover that performance personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abraham: I brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case they get up and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about -- what does that look like?
What is the male? What phase did you find now?
Why is it important to receive receiver? What represents the red report."
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have there?
It doesn't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Yeah." (Audience: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, "MIT: Great job."  Yeah. (Museums": Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy on all this.
Lincoln Zapper," the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but competitive, in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan Spanish is a conscious brand.
Very well they are vulnerable together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of your strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
Many companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not secure, they avoid fear -- those elements -- and you actually give you a positive thing to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic here, Apple.
And you can also see Allen Howard, Witney Minister of Minister Cookies and Jefferson.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come and a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a profit brand.
MS: So what is your market?
If someone asked you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an access to a standard attack? Are you somebody who makes the blood flow?
Or are you rather a distance destinating?
A little bit more called, residented, conservative.
And the accessible attributes are like being a logic to be free like the Princeton, contemporary and adventure, attractive or bold like Iraq Florida, quickly or agile or dominant, doctor, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more able to define destination?
Are you conscious about 100?
Are you stable, traditional products, provider, protection: Do you identify with Open."
Are you reliable -- stable, familiar, confidence, safe, safe, contact or wise like the Dalai Lama or America?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and an aside, and definitely definitely, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuron, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing for center.
We went to San Paul where they have banned the ad to the free air.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no streets, no cards, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with license problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've had more successful are those I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did you have succeeded that?
Well, since the movie gets stressed in the South Festival, let's take a look.
According to Bureaus, the movie is struck in January and since then, and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions, in the media for this film.
This covered only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's not online yet. It's not in stress.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talk about was advised to their customers not to be part.
I have always believed that if you risk it, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you pull people out of that -- they're pushing them into failure.
And I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, it's preparing all your company to be able to lose reward.
I feel like what has to happen to advance is that we have to encourage people to surround.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can use them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we need to give it a place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's take the fear. Let's take the risk.
From a curiosity at the time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to support transparency.
Now more than a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Did "Death The Transition has been presented by my good friends of EM who by 727, bought the rights of the name in Everygen.
EM: It will become big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EMI presents "Transportation."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morannel in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 727?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a charge of the marriage organization of TED, the Salarman Foundation, a $1,000 crash to be applied to my TED care of the next year.
The idea behind computer computer guilt is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the University of Uranation in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we get these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the central.
The gray boxes don't use Webbowest software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to build this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Studio.
We started with a Windows installation.
The eye goes to the gray box, damage the center, and the nuclear program is demonstrated, massive mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Studio six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Web part of Windows -- the installed installation used multiple daily vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Saturn and we saw what happened to this.
So it happened very strange things.
Studio was behaving as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese, the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely drawn."
The installing is actually looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place?
Stereo does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say, for example, an energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we discovered the code code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
They probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Studio install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old expanding language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in real world.
We need theories on destinations that we could approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent satellite, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been repeated.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Buddha and the National New National Parachute.
So I said to my assistant, "Treating a list of all experts in centers and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and told them at an effort to manage their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital plane with the control control.
The robot is that mobile part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly break it up and even make the neutral spread.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to get crazy to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital plane looking closely at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number of 14 stress in that code, you can't obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha, and I found that they're structured in what is called a card, and each waterfall contains 164 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These cerestic centers are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
To have no dangerous, it wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We had a lot of we ended up in non-lethal streets, and we had to start again.
Yet, we found that both digital waves were pointing on one and very goal, but from different angles, but from different angles.
The small pile is taking a waterfall and making the robots spinning and released them, and the big airplane communicates with six cards and manipulating tubes.
In short, we are very confident that we've determined what the device is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are reached by Swede.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values for example, for example, of pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still runs through the attack, with false data inside.
And believe or not, these fake input data is presented by Swede.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed in a primary video.
Is it great a stuff?
The idea here is obviously not just to draw the operators in the fourth of control.
It's really much more dangerous and more aggressive to it.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine is going on, you have to open up values of escape in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to it, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can exploit it.
And the operators or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centers, with uranium ended.
It could also work for example, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have a task -- which will design this burden with a USB key, as we saw in Saturn case.
You could also use a conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
It's more possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a massive destruction cyber.
That's the consequence that we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume that the Mostage is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Landerea: OK, really want to hear this?
Yes. Okay.
My opinion is that the Mostage is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supermarket.
There is one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, lucky.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for starting us. Thank you, Rale.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you abriferate skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair around and back to walk.
In Berkeley Bionics, we call these robots, explosions.
It's nothing different than something you put in the morning, gives you a great force that increases your speed, and help you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, in average, it must take on its back.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with cartoonist damage.
We decided to control this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hulley -- or Portrait Human Carbon.
Soldier: With the Hulley explosion I can spend 90 pounds by variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in cultures crawling and execute movement with great agriculture.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Marine Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial society, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people right now, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that you start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is much multiplied quickly.
His only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some of the other complicated -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from his successful emergence as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM that is using Amanda Boston who, 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't go back to walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boutcards, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAPO, which I mentioned.
It's got a few sensors.
It's completely not invited in the crutches that send signals to the onboard computer, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give power to engines in the hip, and in the knees and they make it move with this soft and very natural side.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange leap in the air, skiing down the air being paralyzed by it.
In a fraction of the second, I lost all feeling and all movement movement down.
Shortly after that, a doctor went into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Man: Never again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I was stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
The technology of adapting since then, has allowed me to learn how to slow down down to schools, scale rocks and even ride in a bike bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amazon, and all the users of wheels of wheels to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the fear of the Middle Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much encouraged in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, terrorists, bookleard society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes of the big.
They live in the depths of the colleague sale, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox. It's a kind of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the fabric itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been tortured for decades and caused almost as many deaths like World War I.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo subject.
The meat of hunting of hunting and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by measuring the trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes "Do the love, not war, because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Baby Sure.
Bonobos, as humans, love playing over their entire life.
Player is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish bonds and foster tolerance,
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity, diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity of connections.
And when you look at the bone game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the silent medium.
First of all, it's a bone time game, and I don't talk about football anymore.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perception.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, he has a threat of the balls."
I just believe that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as common as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing uniform elements to play -- like testists, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's more fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more cardiologist, images, curious, maybe the place where the awe is resisted.
And I want you to see -- this is Fure, a young female who is playing with water easily.
I think that, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact with, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to an increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we need to play.
But will we leverage our possibility of game?
The game is not fluid.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans by the same, life is not just cruel and depressed.
When it seems to be the least appropriate play, you can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So you know, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Howard.
When I'm not fighting poverty, combat fires as a captain of captain in a volunteer bombing.
And in our city, where volunteers are moving to a highly skilled staff -- you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first income.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain of the capital, I was faced in a conversation with the owner that I certainly would take one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a pandemic, in paradise, slider, while his house was in fire.
The other volunteer that I just got before I was, "Let's call it Leo Luther.  I first came up to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so charge.
There was a lawyer or money management that, for the rest of his life, would have to tell the people who entered a building in the call to save a living being just because I won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an adoption.
He said, "Beards," I need you to go home.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- went to the real firemen that at that height or less had finished off the fire and walked into the main room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the ladder where I met my Number and the precious dog on the main door.
We took out of the house the tests for the home owner where, as he expected, his testimony received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the owner of the house by the rate of the spot showed to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
And so much in my voice in Robin Hood, like in my voice as a volunteer bomb, I'm a generation of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also from acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have done, or you are to achieve -- remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: they don't expect.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you right now.
They serve food in a dining dining party of the neighborhood.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have a chance to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they train the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Bebbages, thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1888 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at the time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LED came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly brick slight.
And in a few years, the LEDs of LEDs came to every home.
It's estimated that they've been made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LEDs made it accessible.
LEDs just adopted the concrete block, the favor in the world, and became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to add up, the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick slowed on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much larger circuits and more complex and a brick at the time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing liberals.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Letters are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the goal, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the ball.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits better.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse model, which is here, and now we have an interactive light.
We added this guy to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, liberals are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, leaders allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to make faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind liberals is that it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to brickets to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night it works at night, or why the door of an elevator keeps open or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with liberals as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and film, we have George creating creating.
Metal sandwich."  So a few weeks ago we took leaders to the designers of Rhode Island design, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in card, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a conference can be active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a local lane that is made of the darkness.
For these non-security, liberals became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of all.
So liberals have open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and to invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can. We can continue better to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I've got the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to stop.
The initiative was called Computer for America and would be like a peace of peace for technologies.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the manufacturing.
Instead of sending them to Third World World.
They made great applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know A.
A picture of the city of Boston.
This is what it looks like if you look for a quote, but what it really looks for is that someone cleaned it up when it comes to the snow because it knows it's not very good at putting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this simple way?
Last year in Boston had a team of members of Computer for American members?
They were there in February and at that time I needed a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hypotheses.
But one of the members called Erik Mikesoid -- I noticed something else: that citizens cleaned with sticks right in front of them.
So he made a good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hypothesis.
You accept to wipe it up when I snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put there.
If you don't do it, someone can be drawing.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmers last year.
But it does something that any other government of the government is done.
And it spreads in viral form.
A responsible of synthetic city systems by seeing this application realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for the citizens to adopt the tsunami symbols.
It's very important that these subjects of tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So he asks the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the designers that were taken.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without frictions, in organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has spent 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days, and it is spreading in viral form is a kind of warning of warning to government institutions.
It suggests the best government of working, not as private companies like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions, in open and general form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents how to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an analog institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good at collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people building the tools for us to work together with efficiency.
And it's not only Computer for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic apps every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings on politics, the filter at the DMT "Reporting Automobile, and all those other things that put us crazy -- the government is, essentially, in the words of Tim Jersey: What we do together because we can't just can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. The government is.
And because the government in the last week of us -- remember that from us, the people -- the way we think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is to choose people to take care of.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is, above all, of charismatics.
This is the phone care center and information.
It's the place that you take calls if you mark 111 in America.
Scott got this call.
Inflate "Bang" in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And then finally he said, "Hey, can you open the doors of the house, put music good music and see if it goes?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the charismatics.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile called "Children Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New University of Boston Berties.
One day, this happened, really, comes up with this asking, "Barrier in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I make it take it?
The dynamics of "Children Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking about person.
In Citizens Connecticut everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I went to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Carbon? Yes. Live? Yeah.
I went back. I went home.
Good night, father card."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are fighting and helping others.
So one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role here.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we form the communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the input of the other.
Our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
At the bottom is what we call burial.
And we say that word with a lot of depression.
But it's that approach that keeps us that that belongs to us that we fund as something that operates in our back, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People think politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy feel sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Obama movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 352 pages in response to the September Security of Values, on the financial reform.
That's not political activity, it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been resistant to government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't prevent government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the function of government so that it can expand to force civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act mergended, only you have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem they don't really care about doing their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make it work better to government.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a shoot, taking weeds off, dumping a garbage cube that has a crack inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hypotheses, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are a digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a vulnerability of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jail.
I've spent most of my life in marketed communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact all over the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach with feelings, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it was a craft, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about the 1880s, and his experience with slavery confirmed the way we saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also amazing.
When I was a little bit and I looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was like, "Brainster, you still feel my abarator?
And if I said no, I would take me back and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to her.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she smiles her, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, and she took the room, he took me from my hand and said, "Go to Brazil. We both are going to compare."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Brainster, I'll tell you something, but you can't say to anybody.
I said, "Okay, Mama."
She said, "Now I'm going to get you not to do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "So, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Audience: "She is my son, and you have to promise you to always take care of it."
As I looked at my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you'll always do the right thing even though the right thing is the difficult.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mam. So I'll do."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a single year and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six bit of six beers and I don't know where I was going on, I would grab my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just got the madness.
He took a beer shore, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as we do.
I already took something, your sister as well. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I won't feel good. You can follow."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens? Do you take a beer?
I shut up the look with force and started, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mama."
And I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mama tells all the grandchildren that are specialists.
I was fail.
I have to admit something to you.
I'm going to tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virus. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the other people who really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been present during the production.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to be completely completely.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the biggest rate of incarceration, in the world.
We have seven million people in medical freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much designer, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black between the 18 and 30 years old is in jail or in everyday freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Balius, Washington -- from 50 to 60 percent of all the young color people are in jail or in everyday freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is a lot better if you're rich and guilty.
It's not supermassive, but it's wealth that makes the results.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama as well as in other states, you get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it felt 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no chance to go out ever.
Now we are in a process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the corridor of death.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In some sense, you have taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the crimes of crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes committed to, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that it's excited and liberated from the corridor of death.
One error rate -- amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would not be allowed to never paint airplanes if every nine you would take off, you would have to be starting out.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that led to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being criterated.
I worried about being bombarded by them.
The threat of terror was what their lives defined for.
Now there are older people who get closer to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks -- I give people speeches -- I give people to stop saying that in our history we first read the terrorism, after the 117: after the 17."
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that."
The age of terror, obviously, with security and decades of racial submarines and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial security without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conferences.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and he said, "You know it's good to hear what you say."
Audience: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We'll never be able to have it here."
The room was silent and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we would get us to run people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would you run people, especially if they were in their majority Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be ironically.
And yet, there's this discovery.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you actually don't care about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implicated.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are amazed by suffering, abuse, degradation, markering.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more definition with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means that you want to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the waste, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well as heart convictions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and unfortunately, but also in the dark and the difficult.
Valean Hand, the great high head, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the operation, we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in spirits of despair and being teenagers.
Well, that orientation for spirit is virtually in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be completely completely.
There is no relationship related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exception, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carl called me to say, "Brainster, comes Mrs.
Do you want to come and listen to it?"
I was like, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
And I said, "Listening to him.
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very shy, very lighting.
And in a occasion, I was listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mr. Parks came to me and said, "Now Brazil, let me get that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted unfortunately.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with life sentences without parole.
We tried to do something about death penalty to do.
We try to reduce population in jail.
We tried to end the massive calculations.
I gave my whole best speech, and I looked at me and said, "I got May Mama mammal."
And he said, "You will get the back of it, very unfortunately.
At that time, Ms. Carl was including me, put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very but very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find the way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst thing we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a slide.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very uniquely, very stimulating, not being judged by our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way they treat the rich, powerful and privilege, but the way they treat the poor, the confidence, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel distantly. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of dirt.
I go to jail and I see my 13th and 14 customers that have been supposed to be taken as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what's not it?
The judge took it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was waking up thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something you are not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a model.
He had a 14-year-old client, a small one, poor, black.
I started working on the position, with a warming that said, "Mostaging for my 14 years to be treated as a private white white white white white white white white white white white white.
And in the position, I put there had been independent behavior in accessible, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was an atmosphere on how this country is not ethical but a whole lack of ethics.
In the next morning, I woke up thinking that instant emotion would be a dream, or really write?
For my horror, not only had it cut it, but he had sent it to court.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided --  God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car, and I felt really selfish, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and slightly.
I finally went down from the car. I walked to the judge.
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a bigger black man -- it was the consumption of the puzzle.
When he saw me, I came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a labor." He replied, "Is you a labor? I said yes.
So I get up to me and hug me.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was violence.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
By coming in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this addition model?
I said, "Be Mr. Mr. And we started discussing it.
People started getting in. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came the passwords and the self-expressive pictures, the audiences.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of them funny because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I came to see the advice I went and came in.
I looked down the window, and I was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and for there.
Finally, this old black black, in the face of worry, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the break, an assistant.
The assistant was left over the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood on his feet, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with stranger."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
We cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our technologies of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must lead to francisco, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the presidents that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the goal with stranger.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference to this spring in which you will make an effort to reimagine the funds that are spending today in the expense policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the case cases don't include in arrested.
56 percent of rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a change of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those you think it is?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth of mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the prison population.
And we let us convince the carding of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of getting those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on the punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brain, you've been excited about here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
More correction: grow threats by death of Bin Laden.
Communication 2: Hungering in Somalia -- Common 3: The police is throwing O.C. O.C.
Computer 4: Cardles destroyed. Clean crashes.
Communication 6: Social December December 7: Super 7: 65 dead.
Communication eight, the tsunami Allegal. Local 9: Cyring.
Several corners: Narrator. Massage destruction, Toran.
Recession. Bank. June end. Egypt. Sir.
Crisis. death. disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamonds: These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months -- maybe they could be over the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses are getting a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala compared.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the detail of danger.
It organizes and record all of the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old period of the press, "If there is blood, saves, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news about seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pesticides.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe, instead, what's really happening is we get districts.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, species extinction -- water and energy -- we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at avoiding the problems, and in the long way, we ended up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, average per capita per capita per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, reflective, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The magnificent barriers of the last century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that shows in information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 70-year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and agriculture.
It's the quick computer result used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though he's grateful in a law on the left, it goes up up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, in the adaptive Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my Australia friends call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production all over the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuels, the vaccines and the food, the digital medicine and the nations and the food, the digital medicine, the Neanderthals and the American.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in "Jeopardy" from Washington, from IBM?
It was parachute.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this: Water comes to human opportunities?
Jesusi is not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year, we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absolutely absolutely.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single room on the planet, it's about creating a life of the world.
It's about taking that that is scarce and getting it advertising.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of National IQ in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited dinner Side of Sian.
The National troops ate with silver covers, and the same National way of gold covered with gold.
But the king of Siano, ate with aluminum cubes.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, which is more than gold and platform.
And so the tip of the memorial to Washington is a lunch.
You see, even though the aluminum is 98 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's driven by oxygen and systems.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was disappeared.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 energy therapies every 88 minutes.
It's not about scanning, but accidental.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation for the discussion: 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a hour per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance too, we have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Santa took the Voyager space spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
I took a famous picture. How did it call?
"A pale blue dot.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water.
Yeah, 95 percent is salt water, two percent is ice, and we fought for the 500 percent of the water on the planet, but here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nature.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovations of the school -- I'd like to share with you, I gave me permission to do -- his technology called Slooping -- you know, you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of water posted by any source of any source water, contaminated water, a lest line, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 2006 on the planet.
This is a power innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to the 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the developing world.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS videos, image -- images of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, and medical diagnostic technology.
Maybe the best is when you get the applications in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Cambridge Foundation something called the X Transition Princet, from 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with the one they talk about, and because it has A.I. they can take a stick, they can be strike out of the finger.
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- I will call the health of health, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billions in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before they add to global conversation.
What would these people?
What are you going to consider? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will go from more health thanks to the Tricky, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you provide us three billion more members of humanity, educated healthy and productive?
What about a few voices never ever heard before:
What if we give the opposites, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and being able to act for the first time?
What will these 3?
What if you are contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, you can do extraordinary things, things that could only only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Fold.
He emerged at Washington University, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids, and figure out the way that protein will happen.
The posters determine structure and functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supermarket problem.
They've played these college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were moved and started playing it.
And it has shown that today's recognition machine is better to folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the brick.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
So I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The corruption of the party point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1851.
You might believe that it was pursuing pizza, but it didn't.
I actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a very common thing.
It was the member.
I asked it a lot to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red River of UNACE.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're protesters.
The pills still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the deployment of the waist.
Because I was there in 1973, studying a light in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get in.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lake was surrounded from palms, and as you can see, from some manufacturing.
There were tons of about 20 inches -- the black clay ball.
And the fish of this filter was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he was earning more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down in half.
They killed the five cents.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the art fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
Fisherman development agreed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat -- pretty ugly -- called the Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did study in southern China Sea, and especially at the Bay Sea.
What we captured was something interesting.
We captured now, I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spectacular, other animals that are in the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots on some remains -- remains of coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was traveled.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a solid coral background, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them. They loved them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not bitter.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This restaurant mountain is what the fishermen pick up every time you go to an area where they never have fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of party, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens, something like this.
On the axis, and we have good things on the axis, biodiversity, number of oils, the brain submersible, water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images receiving the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
They don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the issue of change.
And at the end of keeping a few other restricters.
And that, in a big extent, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they have done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before exciting, it's very often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fish.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And you'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you have, like you capture such and see a lot of fish in this area can't be used or generally don't use the scientists of the fish, because it's not science.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in societies that are built, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We record the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has been running and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from vision that provides, which allows them to erase their particular point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle West, for example?
I think there the arts and the movie may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Charlie Bay simulation.
A long time ago there were gray whales in the Bay Bay -- 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that mathematics and tolerants are like "Art."
And if you think about "Arabiation," if you think about why people moved with the film -- not talking about the story of Polands, why will they move with the pictures?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give is to Cameron -- to make "Arabian II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why video videos are made and what importance has that.
We all want to be stars, celebration, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notes in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a single singer.
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is made viral -- it gets a vision of visit and winning cultural monster.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Berlin Vace, oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, a guy."
KA: Last year, Bell Philip published this film film outside his house in the YouTube National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of the past summer.
Berlin doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double arm.
That's what you do if you're called Peter Mountain Beach.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimber.
Jimmy Kim published this tweet that would catalog the video to the popular.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kimber present us new and interesting things and split them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, Friday. You have to start the Friday --  -- everybody wants to get the weekend of the week, the weekend.   Friday -- God -- starting the Friday --  KA: Don't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Veronic Black Germany is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like Arabic Iraq twice, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask these other peaks, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday look?
Well, I took it Tomoya, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mississy Science Titan, was one of the first people in making a joke on the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 participants in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the international entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon to deliver or doing something new with that.
"When "Hand Catherland is a repetitive animation with a music chord.
So that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that is rare, you know there's a three hours version of a three million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is creativity that woke up between the Internet community community.
There was removes.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international to it.
Suddenly, there was a whole community of remove that made this go from being a silly joke to something that we can all form part of.
Because today we not only enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted Arab around "Drama or Rebail Black or "When "Hand Catherre?
What a script could have written to be this situation?
In a world where two days of video are coming up with a minute, only that really unique and unexpected thing can be determined so that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the cultures in New York, admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Nikewa: I was multiplied by no circulation by biological but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by biological.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nike got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beauty Valley: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Trend creators -- creative communities of participation, which is totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new type of media, from a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines the popular.
As I said, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're just the current media -- but to define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still arriving.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine that while the communist comes into Saddy, stopping the fact that their life had totally been in a vagina.
The words, for so long friends, now they were blowing it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died for the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My job was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to spot us, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you walk down to the sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a concert marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had been destined to one task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was invisible for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old salt, a boat was slides to the sea destroyed of fishing fish.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pursuits, rape and death.
Like most of the adults, my mother took a vendor fragment.
If you get caught. First, we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the path will be immersed in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were failed with the bravery of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not going to be able to run for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we moved in Melhand.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new new life.
We set up in Foruns, a working class suburban whose population is composed of immigrants composed.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I met, in Fortoween, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the early English fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were substantially, and it established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, wouldn't matter what it should be taken, which was usually new clothes.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the towers, because I had to spend six years.
And there were weird and painful singing about the "long eyes, and some graffiti gravity, "It's assumptions, back home."
At home, what?
Something in me was supportive.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them out."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was still extensively every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered ups, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake it.
She opened a computer store, then studied to be a statistical and opened another business.
And women were coming with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and influenced kids were trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and parallels.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicit with what I would demand myself.
In the other, I was locked in legal lives, transformed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many people received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of adaptation, I was picked up the Austrian young of the year.
And I was a catalog of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit down.
So I resembled the Foresta animal, was now so much, I refugee and social activist and invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the cubesudating.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routes and the comfort of life in a sub-Saharan suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years, singing on the day of every one and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when she had when she got up to the boat.
The "we" never had been an option.
"Hello, he said, "And you're not what you don't are."
So I talked about juvenile and education and definition to the markets and the devices.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was solid to speak.
I met people from all the way of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my light, I realized that I couldn't stay in a shell of adaptation.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a decorative, a recent one, new on the scene -- and not just it's fine, but it's something that is going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean to fight the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the pressures of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world breaks down, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that would not have been allowed were tremendously advanced.
There was an energy there, an illegal optimism, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I went to a small group of people who the motto can't do -- it was a terrible challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant chair of soup that we all share.
We worked up until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
It took the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure went on.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Conscience was the social norm and the local Senator was the person that matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 became a concert of a Shanghai whose mother hit it.
No support of his husband, it caused a reverse to demand it and take the cause itself, and much more reverse caused when they win.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died at 1,000 miles in Melhan.
I looked through the shower of the shower and saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fortoweeney, and we sat around their attacks.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night, a monkey came up and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to sit his hand.
I asked the monkey: "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"They haven't solved it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who could want that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, on the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, discover brave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would do it.
Trade Neils and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Robin about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the subject Muther Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian epidemic, "The Marasmic."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we had the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I August, the great Indian warrior print, I had a sea, he would take a bow.
We now do the same with dancers and machines.
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that became a lot of me.
I felt a bit more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a lost if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't throw it into my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to allow not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his blood silver relative.
And this technological piece of 50 was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, and pulses and sandwiches in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile people and luxury clocks and the cameras prevent us to sound.
Shake our inspiration.
So I was launched, I joined this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I put books from age 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
We are.
bringing the text to the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiplication.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to ..." I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several moments, I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs but to that childhood magic -- to those ideas that we were abusing from children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar were always considered messing.
So over here, we have to include the iPad.
And really, they illuminate your way in which I rest the book.
Another idea that was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy would care on a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ticket that I drag towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book there have always been maps, but it's been static maps.
This is a map that grows, full and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary content.
These are the beats.
We've all heard of the hands and the nanosum stories, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts -- would you be applied to it?
These poor aircraft have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old and high-performing book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked down, pasted to their PC, they haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out into the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of pain, paintings, footsteps, guns and containers.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this little bit of childhood ritual you have to go out and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a street and says, "Oh, I saw a street."
One child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken out.
Within the connections of the manipulation between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we set up having an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video fires and you see a group of animated drivers that appear on the inside plants of the house.
The screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them together so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is closer to each other.
We take the energy out of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to take a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she raised a little coffee cup or you and I asked patients and family and known -- what happens?
How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all, or maybe not everybody, but most of the health projects, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia scale. It's a very simple thing.
It has a pink period and standing up.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms to come.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hawaii.
And my doctor of listening has access to him. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when you need cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia scale and before I go up to my car, people start talking, "Look, today, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
In the next week I will be available.
This little bacteria connected an iPhone or another device.
And people might be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they return to control control and to be captain from their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing cost of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crocoding.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic car is in Malawi.
And also, where are all the gas gas.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked but nobody knew it.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we did crossing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DNA, please look at it, and tell them where it is open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Malaysia and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks you can use your Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DTP 41, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we want to start the world level.
We're telling all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the student of the DET around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapses, it can be a bit or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that is shown is still in their place.
Please add in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 years.
He mixed up with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different because when we used the camera to be in the planning of the camera.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pollution.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pollution.
Photos like this: a building in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful figures at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the performance level.
And when I say realistic I say photography.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to be captured somehow as a photograph.
Photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that has to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real really?
Are the details or the colors?
Is the light?
What is the illusion that creates illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional -- as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process in combining the photographs.
It really consists to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem to be realistic -- I think they're the ones that we don't even think about, things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But in combining photographs is very important to think about it, because otherwise something is going to be wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these requirements were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect whole.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
You might think this is a picture of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulating.
But this image is totally comprised by photographs of different places.
And I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a rock.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island so it looks more subway.
So to make a realistic result -- I think it makes planning.
It always starts with a box, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microbes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many other things that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about technology with symbolic curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happening.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I needed more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graduate, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you graph, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a self-assembling curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If technology technology is going to move as fast as microbes, and we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a given growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, that's why I think maybe something like this.
So we are now in the middle of a transition.
So in this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask myself, what is that new way that I embrace the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been focused, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way those chemicals organized we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had been floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in their inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil metals.
But those doors were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every single challenge was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow differentiate to be better at the time of incorporating the chemical chemicals -- they grew more crossing more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived more time, they were more represented by them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these balls learned the trick.
In some way that we don't really understand these rottoms learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this unprecedented evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here is 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragment and amplified 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card to have a lot of people for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If I was an Egypt, I would put it on a virus, and I would have taken it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and shot them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and there are now many resistant to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
And so they survived or failed together, and it was that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were collected more and they were failed by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, joined and decided to write all the recipe in the community together in a chain of DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-wireless community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle of the brain, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learning how to eat some fruits because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these process processing structures that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system building those information structures actually accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version that we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few degrees and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that I put some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we made it in sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started doing abstractions.
We now go through periods similar to multi-wet-project organisms, we abstract our recording methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CAOTA, the CAPTCHA, and it's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much larger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of Titan in which I produced some evolution with the conversation program, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years of every one.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is released. I guess catalyst is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this exploration of the curve.
We see the process is reflected.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I job to design them would not be possible without the recent computer breakthroughs.
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thoman Machines, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine, and the machine with that does something that before you couldn't get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes employed methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please, can you run a hundred million sequence of screwed instructions?
Could you run these sequences of the discourse of random, run all those programs, and take those who are more approach to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely to be a random sequence of instructions.
But one, luckily, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that made the task better?
We save those and we eliminate the rest of the rest.
And we now represent the ones that are best ordered the numbers.
And we went back to reproduce it following a process of analog recovery process."
Let's take two programs, which will provide children, that exchange suburbs, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of the product of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It was a new quality again.
It involves some mutations.
And it tries again and repeated with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was going on a 747 with Mary Mins and he grabs a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of patients working together to offer a safe flight? Doesn't make you feel like the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the landscape."
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much faster.
So it is released.
The thing is getting faster, and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all these technologies are released.
We're showing up.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple multiple multiples.
We are the administrators and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever is coming.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've taken enough time to allow me to get part of my false prison in that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end of the end, the World Sea.
We love baseball, right?
Basel is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be saving the rules, talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battle that bases 300 of us.
That means that beautiful bat effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being approved, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't come to time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts for 10.
You know how you call a 300 battle in the Grand Lights?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how you call a 460 baseball battle of 400."
By the way, that is someone who is about 10 hits -- it turns out four.
Legaster -- like the Ted Williams, the last largest player of Big League in executing more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's show this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have appliances and they're determined to a surgeon that has also a 40-year-old record in appliances.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place and a loved one has two abstract coronary arteries and your family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in analysis is 200 of them.
But do you know something?
She's getting better at this year.
And they have been 25.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or origami or a nurse or a biological obstacle?
1,000 very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the entire medicine knows the rise of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and it includes me, with the fear of being perfect.
That you never, ever make a mistake and you pretend to figure out how to do well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a complicated obsessional student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Golden studied until for a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little desert, in the nurses of the General hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
From my atomic class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the piece, the difficult digital diagnosis and the non-powered difference.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney tuberculorization access.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get from medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then it would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I was immediately imagining the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drug lady.
I was resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Drug lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the heart service.
And when emergency entered a cardiologist I got to attend to that patient.
and report the head of residents.
When I saw the South Larry, I was raising it.
I heard a resource sound.
And when I looked at it, I heard a sound subsequently on both sides, which was a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stopped working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I got to work in the treatment that would give him.
I gave him a spinal and medicine to raise pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagnoses, water pills so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when he made the first mistake, he sent her home.
It actually made two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and talk to him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to get a complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I probably didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even telling my boss to me.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I send it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that he said, "Gold, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I was so insecure.
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradoxic put her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad present in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I was empathized to leave the hospital and walked into the parking station where my car was to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service to home.
And there was another nurse, not that I care about the Drug lady before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most emergency physicians fear fear.
Other specialists also fear them as well, but there is a particular thing in regret and is that we see patients fun.
The three words is: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I returned to the verge of death.
At the time of an hour of having reached his house, after I gave him the high, I suffered a collapse and his family called the 111, the paradigms brought it into emergency with an art pressure of 50 feet from Hawaii, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and I was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all of their resources.
They gave them medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial respect.
I was comfortable and subsidied to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the time they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and I expected all hope that it would recover.
And in the two or three days of the next or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a crowded brain damage.
The family was gathered together.
And in eight or nine days, they came to what was happening.
And in the ninth day, they let go. Mrs. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I went through it and experienced for the first time the bad shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just silent, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The bad shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we made was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I would hold things and make sure they didn't give me.
And I kept asking these questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send it to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a stupid mistake so much?
Why did I choose medicine?
Shortly that feeling was displaced.
And I started to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was reducing efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, it would make those voices close.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, he was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat, in the throat.
I was very busy and appropriately cared.
He pointed out here.
I looked at her throat -- I was a little color.
He asked him penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he turned on the door to keep pointing his throat on.
Two days later, when I came to make my lunch change, my boss asked me to talk to me particularly in his office.
And I got the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the sheet?
And he came back and I didn't have a spiritual fantastic.
He had a potentially deadly approach called epileps.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He fortunately, not fail.
It is admitted to anti-story antibiotics and recovered.
And you go through the same period of shame and representatives, then I went back and went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same end of arguments, not diagnosis appliances.
And it's a great effort, especially working on a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it was a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a rainforest of kidneys, but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was revealing the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right room and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to restore and ask my colleague to check it.
He checked it up and noticed a certain sensitivity in the lower right, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was delivered to me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a belly belief.
The most significant people have been for the last five years.
I just forget and support and support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them that so they don't make the same mistakes?
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure after failure?
Of course you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transportation in my hospital admitted the wrong leg, believe me that it would have difficulty to look at her eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and those who are -- those who have a little results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to the people that make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of distance and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical pressures and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote to the Toran Star to my program, "Who Cause, Black Carter, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are uniquely.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one of every 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or designer is not right -- in a system where Islamic infections are increasingly and more numerous to cause chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 channels for avoid medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it's about crude substitutes, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes chocolate with crazy eyes and with all of a sudden, and all of a sudden, my story has been a depression.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if you take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not to be able to be anyone.
And with respect to people who don't want to talk about their most serious cases, right?
In my program, "Alliance white, black art, is already a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would say to everybody, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? And I would steer the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would come back, they would go down the head and they would try and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake."
They need a context to be able to do it.
They need a redefine medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redesigning physician is human, you know, human -- it accepts it, and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it is efforts to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of attracting them, but in a love and support way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going to run the system, and when this happens, they make errors from time to it.
My name is Brian Goldi.
I'm a redesigning doctor.
I'm a human, I made mistakes.
And I feel a lot -- but I feel a lot of me to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to pick an American American, are about 70 a day.
Not long ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of presentations of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were designed by these executives and time that they made in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they get 13 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of minimals.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent took an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your elections.
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of the hour of an hour.
How do you get the way to handle those decisions.
I want to talk to you today about one of the biggest problems of today: choosing to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the supply of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was able to raise this very, very high level of level at least at least at least at the time that was very sophisticated.
It was called Dryerish.
It was almost like going to a fun park.
There were 250 different kinds of mustard and wine and more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of a bottled water, and this was when we took water from the faucet, and this was when we took water from the faucet, and this was when we took water from the faucet, and this was when we took water from the faucet, and this was when
I loved going to that store, but I asked myself, why did I never buy nothing?
This is the side of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from the military trees.
And I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Is this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the measured.
Passing up.
They had 185 different classes.
We installed a bridge to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out of six sales, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, what almost people were willing to stop to try the measure?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a mercified thread.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy measured.
The ones who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought measured it.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy mercities if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy measurement probably to us, and that's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices affects us in really momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this is not convinced.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Hurricane, Emerge Kambary and Wei Jane, where we saw the decisions on savings for about a million Americans, from about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested in looking at whether the number of funds available on solar savings plans, the 401 program, destroying people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a corruption.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funding of the background, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you will.
And in the plans they offered about 60 background, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the older the number of choices, more people were engaged by avoiding the actions or the investment funds.
In terms of more options, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that they make the decision, they apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfaction, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we run with looking at that giant variety of massive, musical, vibration and measured -- but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that awesome exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Kepler.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more than today.
People are always upset when I say, "Heart."
They care about losing space in the analysis.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of weird corrections, there will be an increase in the sales -- going down the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When I process & Gamba went from 26 different types of Health & Shanghan to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cattage is eliminating the products for cat failures who are less sold -- they increased the users in 85 percent, by two causes -- more and less costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, in average, offers 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, it offers about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the world today is Albert and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sale.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to drive better choices is David Lakey, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are insurgent automatically to a living fund of life.
Who really want to choose, they give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut down.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, "Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do it your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garage.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience a few vaccines with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the offer from Gary to take.
(Billion applies? Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that trip?
I think I actually reached more hands.
All right.
You actually had more information in the first round -- that in the second one, but I can advertise and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options of options, which is to connect.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every option, and that the consequences must feel very fast, very concrete, very hard.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards that when they use effect?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Benjamin and Albania President, on personal English people who worked in NAND, these people were in a meeting where they were being admitted to a 40-year-old plan.
At that meeting, we set up exactly how we used it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the advances of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is Clark.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Webbowest supermarkets along the edge of the north, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 662.
But you know?
Because the rating tells me how to do it.
These are two games of jewelry.
One is called Japan and the other, Separath."
If you think the one on the left is Sweden, and the one on the right is Jack, you have a palm paradox.
(Billion appliances. Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Jazeera, and the one on the right is Sweden, you have a palm paradox.
Well, something else.
Turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jazeera, and the one on the right is Sweden. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to whom you choose, not that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge background lists.
supposedly, who are they informed?
My fourth category -- I will address complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, buy a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows it to perfect it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to bring the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that each one of them offers each one.
colors, foreign color. I have 56 possibilities.
engine, change box. Four options.
What I'm going to do is make the order where decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
What am I going to look like?
How much involved you are.
If you are always acting the bottom of defense in every decision, this indicates that they are overwhelmed or is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many choices to a few times -- they optimize the button for defect over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order where information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to pick up.
Although to choose the change box doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more consumed with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options of options: Corruption, extending strange alternatives -- connecting, to make it real. Classic, we can handle more categories with less choices, Connecting complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who are serving.
I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can actually practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the East East Germany, if you had a writing machine should record it in the government.
I had to record a piece of text text leave with the machine.
And this is so that the government could trace the origin of text.
If you find a writer with the wrong message they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't conceive that someone could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having a few printed yellow dots on every page that makes them a pattern that makes them place and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of this.
This is an example of ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can draw the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are civilizations.
Like Mr. Dimmie Goldie in King City, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, income amounts.
There are really many cases of online online, multiplexing, who won money with their attacks.
This is Larry Thatincegian, from Mars, Stanford.
This is Alfred Gore.
This is Stephen Watton.
This is Berlin Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tarious Albardin's and so on, etc.
These guys are doing their forests online, but they do it by illegal media through banking tropics to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman Sam Jane, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jamie held underground -- he got his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a civilization than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong to worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of things that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have descended in the last 12 months using a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous do that to protest and the last group is the national state of the government that they attack.
And then we see cases like Dickin.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a contradiction of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Decrease the land the last fall, because of a satellite.
They held the safety of the site, and they had a cyber party.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Dick.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die for an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What are the certainty of the certainty?
Well, you need if you have a website with Taiwans, income services ST, services like German.
Except to intercept an foreign cartoon authority.
And that they are emitting appropriate certified.
And in the case of Dickin happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the block of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this folder called TEDGlobals."
And within that folder -- there were notes of a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government government to intercept large scales of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The silk silk is right here.
So the Western governments provide the tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple weeks ago, the Scotting traffic was found a couple weeks ago, a tribe used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes beyond today.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Scott translator to infect our computer with a team to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the process of privacy.
privacy.
It's not a question of security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we need today, to be forever.
Are we going blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park of Narassy.
The Nairobi National Park is not close to most of the South, which means wild animals like the cells are freely out of the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead was very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we believe that we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and so we valued them so much.
So I grew up hate a lot of lions.
They are wars that protect our community and the livestock -- and they're also mad with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi, in National.
I think that's why there are so few in the Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, from six at nine years old, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing I was going on to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of fear.
But I realized that this was actually not service, because I even helped the lions to see the stable standard.
I didn't get off. I continued.
A second idea was to use a spiders.
He tried to get the lions to believe that it was near the standard.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the spinals, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day the lions didn't come up.
I discovered that lions are afraid to the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would try and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
I tried everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery is supporting the electricity to the small Indian box, I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes light slowly.
As you can see, the light bulb gets outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's what lions look like when you come from night.
The lights melt and send the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals with the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them up. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've been installed in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now by Kenya, to scare other predators like stories, leopards and also being used to hold elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even brought my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the sandwiches of the savanna holding my father's cows and used to see flying airplanes and told me that some day would be inside of one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ash sandwiched. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence -- CA: An electrical center?
RS: I know they already invented electric fences -- but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try one time, right? And you -- RS: I've tried it before, but I stood because I got a balloon.  CA: At the foot of the condenses, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to engage in every step that you go, my friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I "Don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim CEO, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemy.
Although I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
He said, "When you read this, five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're ready to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At a time when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A dead woman was dead on the street, holding a kid in his arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survived eating paradise, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more frequently made of energy cut, all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves of limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very friendly in certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secure.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how the North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of the famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives to live.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like Norden refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to an awful fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me into the police station.
Someone had been accused to be Northern, then they tested my skills in the Chinese language, and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the infrastructure, an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not North Korea."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese and depressed police.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These North Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless North Koreans are captured in China and depressed North Korea, where they're tortured or collected or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be submitted in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to take me back to South Korea.
I started a new life again.
To sit in South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected for.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We're all Corasions, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 37 years of divide.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I a Surressan or Northern?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride me.
Although to adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a claim called algorithm.
The North Korean authorities reported some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be shifted to force to a location on the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I went into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and almost we were caught several times.
Our bus was stopped and absorbed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everyone and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came to my family, I initially stood up and told him that they were striking people who were accepting.
He looked at me sustainable, but I was lucky to me.
We did all the way to the Latin border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lasses.
But even after the border of the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border.
After paying full and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But at the time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Law capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was retreated in a short distance of the South Korean bedroom.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary -- I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the car car and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and put them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the North people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown wire symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are actually the hope rays that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving his freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they go into a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language, work practices and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans growing around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central Center -- little crazy, fast food, balloon times.
So the planners in the city came together and thought, we're going to change the Southern Center name to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this would actually fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Los Angeles --  stores of little films, fast food thresholds.
Just like 26 million Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center Constal, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take more people killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center Angels.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than, say, Beverly Hills, who's like 15 miles away.
I am tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wonder -- how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see wheelchair chairs and sold as cars used cars.
I see cycles of policy dilemmas like Streets.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also get tired of getting 45 minutes away, and it comes back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, he was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet long.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in cattle, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Brownesians, we put together and we started planting our forest forest, fruit trees, you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of paid group per advance composed by gardens of all processes, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained about it.
And the city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a cartoon saying that I had to quit my garden.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters?  So I was like, "Well, selective it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Los, and I talked to the oil and one of Green Brownesians, who put a petition in Chandon, with 900 shapes, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My girlfriend even called to say they were supporting and admired what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more barrel grounds.
It has 68 miles of balloon grounds.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why does it not look like this?
Growing a plant will give a thousand -- 10,000 seeds.
When a hole of heads will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my human, when I tell people, crops your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I cultivate my art.
Just as a graffiti artist, which is sending walls -- I make the soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my embracing of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
They just can't imagine how amazing a virus is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how it affects kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and profitable act that you can do, especially in a tribe.
Also, they get cold.
I remember a occasion, which came a mother and her daughter, were like 103: at night, and they were in my garden and they were in my garden, and they looked very simple.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Junk, don't fear that people are going to steal your food?
I say, "My God, I have no fear that you're going to steal it."
That's what it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to challenge your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. They shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother, and it was great to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Brownesians has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat hole.
If you grow tombs, they'll eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and body, they eat blind things that put them in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't lead them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who fit their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You might produce the next George Washington Carnegie.
But if we don't change the composition of Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take contents and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to put people to work, take the kids out of the street, they know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want all of them to become an evolutionary reduction, fishermen, fishing grandmothers.
We have to change the script of what's a fish.
If you're not a garden, you're not a fish.
That the monkeys take their walls right?
That is his choice weapon.
In short, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some meters -- to talk about doing some mean.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your hair so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience sounds)  (There's probably everybody agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rain a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you sold.
And especially if you're moving in your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make perfect assembly roads.
The personal asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the corners of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so the whole water of rain will flow up to sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and you won't save water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very good, the whole noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is the deception? You see that in this road the stones of the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can damage your paradises, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Bacterroid, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how damage comes into this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a little amount of advantage between the stones.
Because of the intervention, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxytocin, this adrittank, this beach, the glue between the drinks, will be filmed, and if you get emerged, you will be microblogging and spreading from the administrators.
So if you drive through the road, you will get the admires -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about support materials.
If we can make this material support, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean salts, and we can cut the steel lane in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the beach.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with small chunks of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of indigation.
The education can heat down, especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the bank, the block flow through these microscopes and the stones will go back to the surface.
I used an oven, because I can't bring the big data machine here to the stage.
The microbial sensor is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm going to go out now to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So we got a piece of roads, 400 meters from the Audilian Highway substance, where we had to make a test cart to try this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we test them in the lab.
We made the samples older, we put a lot of charges in them, we repair them with our indigration machine, and we repair them and we would prove them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the road surface -- they can even double the lives of the surface of the road, and really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity if this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
It actually has to face first before I can show you how it acts the repair act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the birth in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
"The Taliban were like? He threw my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was moved from Afghanistan, and they made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister who could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could both educate us.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it looks like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we used our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally when school was closed suddenly for a week, because the Taliban jumped up.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were frankly, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province of Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father got it back to him.
But my adult mother became teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a higher risk to not educate his children.
Over the years, I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to retire, but my father said, "Let, my daughter -- you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the ball, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself proud to graduate in Morumony College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones in heart.
He was not just care of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman that I carry it down by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big. But my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global embarian of 701, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SALSC, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like my own, work for them, to weigh and still in front of a detailed opposition.
As Alan. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from SARS to his village, and literally they went out of being killed by a pump on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice told him that if I kept sending his daughter to school, they would try.
"You know, if you will, if you like, "But I'm not going to hurt my daughter for your old and stopped ideas."
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we tried, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interfaces of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are told in hundreds of -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last a lot, after the retirement of the United States.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that animals, I see a primitive future and a lasting change.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities. And every single day of SALS will remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the example, "Son, resist to Gahler.
But you never become a Google statement revolution."
They have spent almost two years since I set up the liberal revolution by the hands of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution like the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other books in the country and outside of the country to call a day of future and start a revolution against the Earth's three-dimensional regime.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and men young books were in the value, to demand the fall of the regime, causing freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a very valuable example by facing the distribution of Gahler.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Middle East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a couple of losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and draw the tube.
But Gahrin's left a heavy burden -- a legacy of threat, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the theoretical regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I have wanted, along with many other women, rebuild civil society, demanding an inclusive and fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Beijing and immediately after the fall of Gahrinian -- about 300 in Tricky.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Laboratory of Women Liberal for peace, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation to advocate for the political autonomy of women, and for our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the private period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model of selfish policies and excuse.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won an 173 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit of a little bit, the choice of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the old mosques of mosquito mosques and Sufi fires.
Another day was left with the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the office of the military officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the military of the military and their continued volumes of human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society formed by a revolutionary mindset, pollinated more, and has gone from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exception and the revenge.
I'm not here today at all to inspire our history of the success of crime list, and the elections.
I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we have a bad one, we made the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Liberia.
The crime list and the alternative between candidates and candidate brought peace and national recognition."
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why do our society remain polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and excuse, both for men as for women?
Perhaps what was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, microbial and inclusion values.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices needed to be reflected by polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female to need the number and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an agent of outrage, and calling the days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microbes.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just honor -- but also putting it in practice in practice in the workplace, the collaboration rather than the competition, the inclusion instead of excuse.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an alcohol that tries to interact and literacy between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it a political form.
According to a correction of the Koran "Sandarania, peace, is the word of the mercy.
At the same time, the word "Radio," which is known in all the abandoned traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Rollywood," and symbolic the feminine and marriage, which opens up all the humanity that men and women and women and all the tribes and all the peoples have eaten in.
And so, just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside the divine matrix of compassion around the entire existence.
This is how it tells us, "My mercy.
This is how it tells us, "My mercy.
That everybody tells you the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an inspirational question, which has an equally inspirational answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does always, why is she left?
Why would anyone stay with a man who paid it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just getting involved at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Seven magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American card American Express, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my alma soul, I would hold my head with a sign, carding with tiny bullets.
The man who loved anyone in this world, put a hint in my head and threatened with killing me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of local love, a psychological trap, looked love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It might be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a little bit limited in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in Martinian from the Washington Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the computer 500 companies between the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burken and the Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years to married my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black balloon and driving a mini Hong Oxford.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religion, all the levels of room and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and internationally and long duration or, said in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse turns out so disconnect.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would sit with a man who paid him, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by partners, Nigerians and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signs or his patterns.
I met Congress in a cold, crazy night of January.
I was sitting next to me in New York subway and started to serve with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was just getting rid of a university of the Lego Village and he worked in a very important bank in Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a boy of the field.
He had a lot of big molds like apples and a bored river hair and seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congress, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it about everything at the beginning by putting in a pediatrician.
We started coming out and loved everything from me, which was list, that I had gone to Harvard, who was paying passion to help young girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that pressure and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to sell and hack the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to install it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams work, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job and Congress and I went together from Manhattan together.
I had no idea that he was falling in a love look, which was coming out of head in a physical trap, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to.
And this is where they go into stage that signs.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe and bought three signs.
One was in the car guide.
One of the other on the pillow under the pillow in our bed, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those signs because of the trauma that I lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pieces actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already serious dangerous, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's government suit and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily for always, because I loved him and he was a great one.
And I was very, very quickly.
It just had been very suspicious to the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I had never been hurt.
I spent twice as much as on our moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I wrote several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey -- he got blood and threw me on a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congress continued to forgive me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease of Disease that every year 15 million children are mad, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I leave me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply translated man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congress face his demonstrations.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get more?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any point.
This is the saddest and the saddest question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in domestic violence happen after the victim has put to the relationship, after they saved, because then the abuse has no nothing to lose.
Other repersonations include permanent use, even after the adult has gone back to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to land the victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend time with the man who pasted their mother.
And we still keep wondering why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go to me, because of a last special dream that I came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed her.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone to the world: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to replace victims as specific headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people is a way to say, "The guilt is for the standard," as if the victims are going to be able to get in love in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Look love, I have heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scarient, who learned an infinite lesson of what happened to them and reduced their lives and happy lives and happy as employees, wife and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I came to marry a man and a bird man and we have those three children.
I have that black wire and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to go back to have never more, ever -- is a cardions carrying up to my head in the hands of someone who says I want.
Right now, the same thing you're thinking, "Hello, that's fascinating. Or "Haiti, what a dumb was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, that are being made out of little or that they were obsessed themselves.
The mall could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
Audience promises only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims, we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the mall into the light talking about it with their children, their job companies, their friends and family.
They represent their view of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize early violence to intervene consciously to slow down their climbing and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful areas that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, from 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't be dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to go, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they came up, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These horses are very uncomfortable -- less evil that I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer said to me that I would drag the back and to paralyze the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial fraud like the one that I did two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though surface and immune has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a significant.
The first question is, how do you get models?
And I always say, a capital discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we've not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we've also associated it to a high and blood figure, to family and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- I have a tendency that I've known to take money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now are scanning school, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait. There are Namibia, Terrol, Joan Shippings, Liliu Wenz.
First of all, the happy for knowing so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every one of the models in the pastice, and of the 67 controlled models, only 27 percent, it was not white.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it's more?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a cartoonist and a poet cartoonist, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron -- I want to be model, then I say, "I know my god.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of reduction from the American voice or the Muslim Director of Humse, or the next Steven Mississippi.
To say that the more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiovascular surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have had your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no longer important what you say, I mean, if you said you want to be president from the United States, but your culture said, "Model of clothing for 10 years, people would look at you weird.
The next question that people always do is if all pictures are retreated.
And yes, pretty much the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bitches, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I read my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm in a parachute party a few days before the pictures for the French voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the Voyager magazine.
And this is me at the point.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creating a group of professionals, pedestrians, males, photographers and spaces, and all their aid and pressure people and production, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many talks of 20 inches and that I never use, except the country before, but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a picture that was a picture of a red, and of course, they stopped us, and I was just sorry, agent to be able to drive on.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am. And there are people paying a price for their sense no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140 teenagers that were stopped and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino languages, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1770 black and Latino young people in New York, so for what they are for them, is not a question of me?
But how many times will you stop me? And then?
By researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the 13 years of 13 in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit farther and you have the most brilliant hair, you'll feel very happy and successful.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, invisible and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask, with a few more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the more to fashion -- but they probably are the most secure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to go back from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image that we have about success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was bigger enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos and I didn't go to me who was born.
There were no artistic directors, no spaces, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimum care in the lighting instance.
In fact, most of them took them out of random turtles.
My story starts when I was in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday -- that's the corner of 57 and five percent.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes right now.
When I came up with the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take Santa to New York in a parent trip and keep the ritual continuity?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has ever met with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking down, when suddenly it was stopped and pointed out a red stream from the grocery store that I took out of small visits in before.
And he described me what had felt like five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart shot in order to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't get in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you to all appear in the picture, and you don't have to be able to get closer to someone and ask yourself, "Do you take a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bursts are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter as mental characters, tons, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the restrictive Kenyan press, applications and applications, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep the environment.  The parliament doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
They are very much movement.   They're away from extinct.  And my favorite, the walls have better presence.   There are two types of goes on this planet.
There are the New World curves that are mainly found in the Americas, like the conflicts and the cards of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bureaucrats important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage recovery.
They wipe out the candidates to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- they help absorb the therapy that not to be for them would expand and cause big losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bureaucrats, the carcasses take three to four times a long time to get down, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The bureaucrats also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the old Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protection and the material and along with the cobra -- they simulated the unit between the Alto and the University Of Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Japan was the god going down, and risked his life to save the San San Day of 10 Canada heads.
In the Tibetan culture, they do some very important one to open sky -- in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bureaucrats provide a system of natural lighting.
What's the problem with the streets?
We have eight species of goes in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being sentenced, and the reason they're being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and the factory. The pharmaceutical communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bureaucrats are the victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bottles are in the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there is no bureaucrats, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the versions of candidates, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge bomb of time for rage -- the number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 artificial will be up from the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're bird trippers.
In West Africa, there is a horrible stream of dead drill to serve the surgeon and the fear market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting them transparent.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focus on a problem locally isn't going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about approaching the buttons, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very uncomfortable creatures. donating their time to spread the word. Distort the word.
When you get out of this room, you're going to report about the burstified, but they talk to your families, with their children, with their neighbors on the goes.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because I saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do -- and everything I do professionally. My life has been molding for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 9/11 until 1977, I am young, but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory de Martinia, Albrrestroom and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we established in Africa.
And I was presented.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did we analyzed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Earth "Computers," was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we got the Italian seeds south of the southern of Zambia.
And of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't help.  We were amazed that the local locals, in so fragile valley, they hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  Just in order to save the people in the Hamness of the Hunger."
And of course, everything in Africa was grown beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato will grow this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shames: "Look at how easy the agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, harmonic and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the campaigns, "Oh my God, we hate them."
And the symmetries said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here.  "Why don't they say that? You never asked.
I thought only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans, what the English did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed we have the hypothesis.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we bring to people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Hawaii Death of Dama Moore, shame economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western Danish countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has changed.
Just read your book.
Look at it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are important, collective missions, and we treat people only in two ways or pathways, or we're patrologists.
The two words come from the Latin Law Roal, which means "a father."
However, it means two different things.
Paulogition, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids. "I want a lot of it."
Patmite, all of them in a different culture like my servers.
So the whites in Africa are called "Barbar], body.
That book gave me a box in the face. The little thing is beautiful, written by Scotle, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, let me give them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said, "Can you imagine a city that isn't negative?
I decided at the age of 27 to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Favorian Company where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a series of local passion, the series of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It shut down.
He never gets to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of the locomotion.
We don't work from the offices.
We get together in a coffee cardboard. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not once, we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attack, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend to their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business, which is associated with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen, in the coffee and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make a living.
I started this as a test in Horizon, the city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this conditioning junk where we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can it do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I shut down and I listened to you."  So --   So the government says, "Giffel again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of supply.
Peter Drug, one of the most great business companies in history, passed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "Planner is actually incompatible with a society and an economic company economy.
planning is the kiss of death of the business spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most attractive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer you conflict, privacy has to be fantastic to help them, and then you will come up, you'll come in a mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What are you presenting more of this morning.
Support local people. That's what you have supported.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil fuels -- non-lethal fossil former, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we non-now, we cure, we educate, we transform, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There is no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution, the universities -- forget it.
The government? Forget it.
You will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1880.
And in 1880, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was this: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population from New York to the areas, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already angry in stress.  So in 1860, they were designing this dirty technology that would orbit New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 automobile manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scans, spectacular, factories in appropriate places.
Death, Michigan. Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you confidence.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute and dedicated service service.
And of course, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to understanding.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three great things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can be done, sell and look for the money alone.
No exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Wikipedia, Edison Edison, Ford all new companies, Google, Eah.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None of them was started by one person.
The word "I have to do is the word "OK, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilitators -- who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee -- in bars next to their loved departments who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this guard, somebody who was talking about this epiphany, somebody who will ask you what to do with the population -- what do you
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I want you to look at somebody to you?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge about sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autonomous, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we stand and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share more of our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams today?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to lovers and barriers and speakers from the centuries and trust in a city.
There's a desert in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one of the most beautiful architects in the United States.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a wider space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the time and the living time.
He gave clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I work for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to get caught in the day and forget what's really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant screen and painted on her sentences to complete -- before I die ...
So transparents could take a character, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was replaced and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I died, I want to be judge by stop."  Before I die I want to sit on the line of the failure of change."
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
Before I die, I want to hug it once again."
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue rescue."
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh to cards, they destroy me, and they gave me consumer in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and explorer ways. It's about giving the reflection of reflection and control, and to remember what's most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kit and now have been made in countries around the world, like Kathley, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of discussion, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about clear death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better than we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people who surround us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remenike is 22 years old, high and very graduate.
It doesn't talk about, but they transmit better than some of the best speakers.
Roosevelt knows what love is.
You share it underlying what happens.
It's not fun. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I can't even remember -- it reminds me one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
I have the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came up with each of the songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, painted in my arm during the first episode of the telescopes and the Balines Galaxy birthday birthday.
Don't you seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they're often ignored and understanding.
But what drives my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the original, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autonomous and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term and the automobility, it's a brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
You know, in each individual is manipulated in a different way, from there that Remen is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders that are faster in the world, there's no cause or any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized he was different.
I kept a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
She was alive and queen in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing lane, and eating whatever there would be between medium.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the bees, frustration and internal humanity, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that had never lied.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some very difficult moments in my family, moments that they would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal personalized beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Yemen and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a girl: each of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit that should have been Alice in the Marasman country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a class of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Sustainable really -- students of these students with his big minds and his big books and their big words and naked words.
But when you develop those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
So I just felt like I had these conversations with the students, I was surprised with the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, wireless works.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to respond to you, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the workers, but they study the workers, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the optimists.
And when you're describing their science, careful with the jargon.
The barber is an obstacle for our ideas understanding.
Sure, you can say space and temporary, but why not say space and time -- which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as they do it.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of collecting and excited with their content.
And when you present his work, forget from the signs of "the "Balley."
You have wondered why they're called "Ballets?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's very supportive in the language of our brain and absorbs us.
Instead, this example of General Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the workers is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, replaced, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that exploit our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what it describes to.
I think these are just some key that can help us open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, all over the media, the simple storyteller.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire Oxford English dictionaries is "control."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "sneakers means politics messing?
Although there was a percentage editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A collaboration is that looking for a public charge without matter party or platform or principle -- and that when you win, he gets it by the mere use of a monumental foreign verbal?
I have no idea what it means to be a representation."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until that, for example, 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the Brazil Cruzzer name, who faced the parliament of Parliament.
They got them in the London Tower and incarcerated it, but he had enough enough of dealing with them, and at the end of it had such a popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase as a ball -- "The "Battering Metron Metropolitan.
Most people think it's literal to it.
It's not. It's by a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the U.S., right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was done in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it "The Washington State "Calm" -- and others, "The Alto George Washington, and other Defense Levels of the United States American Liberalism.
Not very attention.
Some just wanted to call it Red."
They thought it was predictable quality.
And not even with it were monumentality, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets immensely tired of it, because this debate was provided for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor, and I always wrote, "I still have this subject."
What caused the portrait and the way it was that the House of representatives was against the Senate.
The Representation camera didn't want Washington to be made of power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he had been given him or his subject ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest title and more inspirational and more profitable than they were happened.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was already the title before, but it just meant somebody who gives you a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term "for "the "The Temple or "Supermarket."
There were evidence of small collective and government frames, but it was really an incomplete title.
And that's why the Senate is optimistic.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call "Presidential President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digital?
"And who will be serious with such a ridiculous and inspirational title.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't fall.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to figure out, the Senate has never been shaped by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to go on there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- we may be waiting for 222 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and this is what I want to leave you with, is that the U.S. title is not sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to available, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of aerial air vehicles and so on.
The reality and history has broken the title of gravity.
So they won the Senate.
They got their title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a simplicity for then.
But you know how many nations have now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate winner and the Campude of representatives lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the U.S. President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, the driving reality really makes the words more than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet below land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but especially that cartoon of male fields and stones with primitive tools.
Like the other, I take a cheap line of tissue helpful in the head with this observer logo, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the walls that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that takes hundreds of feet on Earth.
I was restored by my hand, and suddenly I remember a mineral that I met days before, which lost the control and fell countless meters in that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the deep of that hole risking your lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're press of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Cample.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a sentence of "French "The Selliness, an NGO who is devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me too bad. I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this attention of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
I was made a little bit of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of Frank the Selang and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of them, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people slavery in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during all of the traditional slave levels.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
And yet, today you can link to whole families for generations by the average debt of 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disappeared.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the slower horrors.
This strange and formidable show was like entering ancient Egypt or the Dead India.
Emergency in a 54-year-old temperature of men, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped into a heavy range of dust, mechanically slide balloons in their heads, up to 18 at the time, and they take them from the ordinary furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Disposable by the monkey and the consumer work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no catastrophes to eat, not to drink, and the severe description made that pee was pretty integrating.
So present was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the architecture that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were.
I had to trust the Sellin and work inside the system for his release, and trust you to get it.
As soon as me, I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found children running rocks for miles by mountains of mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the children who charge them, and the kids hold them into their heads with cards made of painters, ropes and markets.
It's hard to witness something so abstract.
How can we influence something so unstable, but so often?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages were recorded their freedom, the slowers burn their homes.
When we hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness of this world that I was advised to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was charged with women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some anti-story stairs that gave this dirty basement, of faint fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a lab.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resistance, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the standards with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- are forced to train the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biological and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sex abuse in their clients.
From foot in the penguins, I remember felt a super-educated fear of fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a step, the stairs where I walked in.
There were no dead doors.
There were no big enough to translate.
Those people don't have static and, because we touch a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people involved in agriculture, in restaurants in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens for love, but we don't see it.
textile is another activity that we often relate to the slave labor hand.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hands of black are from the father, the blue and red tissues of their children.
They mix headlines in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the headline is toxic.
My portrait told me his stories.
We don't have freedom," they said.
We still hope, though, power to come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in Lake Volt, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense of it?
mistake. They were all slave slaves.
Kids are separated from their transported families and disappeared and forced to work outside of these boats in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up to me was female, it feared that his little canoe was empatherized.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the branches of the trees plunged in Lake Volta often catch networks and children, fated and fear, they run into the water to take away the branches.
Many of them are shocked.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruel, cruel is about the younger slaves under his seal.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they were lifted up the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night and sensor.
And I want to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're replaced of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koho.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where "Free the Selans replicates the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving on a road in Ghana with the partners of Francisco the Sellish, an artificial partner with his motorcycle suddenly accelerated and supported our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it by a land path to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we were urging us to come out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then I pointed out this sense of self-interest and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Go!
As we started to go down, we took the diseases that blocked the path and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was upset by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we put down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the simple path ended up about a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and all of them were full of slavery.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walk in water poison with merchander.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a pump somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irresponsible, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The pits have up to 90 meters, and these people load heavy bars of stone that then will be transported to another area where they married the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full strong and very vigorous men, but if you look closer to it, we see to work to other less fortunate and also children.
These are all victims of lessons, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the marketing of merchander in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle that forces him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the list of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that the doctors said that I should be admitted.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and nevertheless, that's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like French the Sellish, and it's this kind of determination of face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give the testimony of them, and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I happen that I don't think of these many beautiful people, malarial people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that the force starts a fire and that fire short light on slavery because, without that light, the self-interest of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math application, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We are spreading the virtues of the ballet and the climbing dancers -- that we'll see later.
But the ball demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Striesan who, in his time, was a virtual variety of ball.
The last few years has been progress in treatment.
However, there are six billion people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, shame, right and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a target way, and in definition, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have a target and bear metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement, there are no biological markets, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do. It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam them?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars.
So what I want to propose to you as a nonprofit way to try it -- you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtual as my friend Jane Street.
This is a video of the vibrational string video.
It shows someone as a sound as you take sound to speak -- we can imagine like dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed -- FMOOLL, for example.
And as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time it leads to a child learning how to speak.
From the sound, we can trace the position of vocal ropes as they vibrate them, and as Parkinson's affects extremes, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the back of the bottom you can see an example of the irregular fear of the vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Vocceral and depression and recording and right.
The speech becomes cheaper and aspirating after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these taxes based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate. OK, but also based on voice is not specialized.
I mean, they can be autonomous.
They are done very quickly, about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the players of patients.
It would not need to go to the clinic for routine code.
With high often, we could get objective data.
We could make low-cost mass recovery for clinical trials, and for the first time, family charges at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So when you give today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Indian Institute of Parkinson.
Together to Accenture and Pakistanis, we want to record lots of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Any one or without Parkinson's -- can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached five percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get out of these shows?
Max Little, yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the commander factors in search of the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now.
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thanders, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which agreements the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: November and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are critical creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in random rooms, and usually we avoid solar light.
We do to the thin mold-activated models, the perfect skin is still more perfect to do the impossible and possible, and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true like the images and the photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly after that, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volvowas, he was in the place working as part of the answer team.
And I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Obega.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the Iraq prediction of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take sharks from the channels and the bombs.
We cleaned up schools. We take the slime mold and we leave the smart houses to be renewable and represented.
We take tons and tons of dead fish films, associated with the local factory.
We were sending and loved us.
For weeks, both the volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and labs of photos and cameras and SSI cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
Put them and bring them to different places of the people around to save them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
As they were in the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a center of the people.
I helped clean out the communal toilets, the huge barriers.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the training center picks up the photos.
And there they took them and I had the honor that that day they would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it was not until I would transplant myself my heroes that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a return how to fix that transition and repair that random and meet hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked into Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to challenge the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strategic, but where the water had declined the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of precision and depression.
In another way, that little girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the spread picture.
Over the course of time, they came up with much more photos, and they needed more retrofits so that I entered Facebook and Lincoln and five days later 80 people of 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join us.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rivanism, a neighboring village north of Mamari.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were going to take them into is a different story, depends on of course the challenge of the photos.
It could mean an hour. It could involve weeks.
It could be involved by months.
This kind of the hunter had to probably draw by hand using the areas whose color and detail, the water had not destroyed it.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures embedded in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of them along with the time of the time continues to destroy them, so they wash them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't challenge the picture unless it was clean and dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We had luck with the limit by hand.
We told the guidance of an advanced neighbor.
It's very easy to give even more damaged pictures.
As Wired once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to the photos.
I had started to wipe her himself, but he stopped to realize that I did it even more.
I also had doubles.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to rebuild -- we could put the images into a single picture and retrofit the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble in a lot of far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the cancer of closing the barriers to the waves.
It had to go inside the water while the Syrian surrounds.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he gave her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look at it, something that I could remember from the past that had not been beaten by that March day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there hundreds of them and helped us wipe out more than 150,000 photographs -- the big majority -- -- the big majority came back to their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundred families of fully restricted photos and retreated.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials -- most of us in a printer for printer.
We take photos constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted to.
They are guardians of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take to us, but the first thing we would get to look for.
This was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of retrofits.
Some of them connected to something bigger -- to go back something, using their talent for something that is not thin skin models.
So I would like to read this email -- I sent him Ciniot the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was coming back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, met me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently born, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doug Edgest inspired us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photography, the magnetic -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in a slow camera of light in motion.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and turn it up and put it up in a trillion of a second or be, in a number of females to create a painting package of just a millimeter of airplane.
And that picture of photographers, that ball, will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this painting package and shoot on this bottle, how do those pictures spread inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a single one is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't support this research --  -- a lot of things in this film.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of pictures that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to spread.
Part of the light went to the table, and we started seeing these links.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the reflection is focus.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it run the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  from a slow ball in motion.
And how about testing with dead nature.
You can see the waves that are coming from the table, the tomato and the bottom wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from a faxility at the time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you will realize that, as the light gets out of the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces into its inside and it comes back out of several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT for?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just enter some light.
We sent that bullet that pictures, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very active synchronization, we took those gigabytes of data and we put them computer to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all those data in crude and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the connections?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Reddit, enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light boards.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left, it's our family.
Behind the wall there is a manager and we will bring light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communions.
And a small fraction of the photons will return to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like this fast, our family, has unique skills.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances up to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a photo in broken, which, you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple books of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it at 3D."
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the reflected light through the open window.
Or we could build electrodes to see the inside of the body holding out of oceans, and the same for the cartoons.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about the teacher as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of technology in the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edison, himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of trained photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here is also something fun.
If you look at the waves under the layer, these are moving away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. A Einstein would have love to see this image.
The order that events happen in the world sometimes appear to the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distortion of this.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, put it to South South and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a chip of 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people tried to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who are coming up with a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Forget them.
Raise your mobile phone, let them get them up.
Look at it. A Blackard, a Blackard, guy."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me from my phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. committee presented a direction.
The Data Design Directory.
This directly says that every European telephone company, every Internet Internet of the Internet has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who he sends to.
Who sends a text to it.
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored at least six months, and even two years, in his phone company or the Internet provider.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this feedback of data.
We want the authority in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers.
There were lawyers, journalists, profiles, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Reduction, I don't fear.
And some of them even said this would be the St. 2000.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone television, Desona Telephone, who was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I got them back to them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're practicing my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Deson Telephone said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed up an agreement.
And I would give you the demand and they would send me the information that I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribe failed the institutional for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly one about brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Trick and 5,000 occupations of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skepticism, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what am I doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data responsibility means.
So next to Keith Oliver and Opera Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I go from Frank in train to Colombia, and how often I call on the track.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who you send to who you send an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who participated in this protest, and if the Street had known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And as a result, neither in the iron of iron.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information as possible in and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not a fashion passion.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information is stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile mobile phones that you can remember that they have to fight for authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDx, what happens?
I call May Zambia and I'm not argument, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions. Asking the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's advanced. I'm like a Shakespeare mix of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad Ala.
Mr. C. It's not genetics.
It's not conflict or it can get.
No one made my mother's uterus and I didn't hire it because my parents were prime cousins, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've been willing to be disappeared.
Come on.
Christmas visits, are they in the commercial center, driving in circles in search for parking and what you see?
16 empty empty places for disabilities.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little disabled?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Mr. C. It's just one of them.
From there to be an operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a parameter, Muslim woman, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Clinton, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "you can't be able to be about it."
The mantra of my father was, "You can make it down to double-cleaning.
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I clean up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents would demand the school system and make sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't get all the very note of the whole note of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my talks in his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it would follow it.
The spirit that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking as a bomb campaign that has received many shots.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they keep being all of the family.  I think nobody realized we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to use "Museum to Muslims as a campaign.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot of concerns that died from hunger during the radiation.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating it, so I would have to help the dawn of being very easy.
Back in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Brooklyn. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with the tablets, so I can walk with the horses.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used to be taking hits -- I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Jesus coast, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mandarin.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to hear me, so I drank milk milk, put hot cups on the back, and I plunged on the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works?
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before he did yoga was a standard comedy that I couldn't put out of foot "of "Freshant."
And now I can stand in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General hospital telephone.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because it went into all the cups.
It was like the mass leader of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I went out the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass glass my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called Baline very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paradis.
So I started screaming at four winds, "The end will have a paper."
I have brain paradigms."
At the end of the free? At the end of the free?
Thank God tools, at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him Mr. Brown.
I was to increase running the director of the theater, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse him, if I can't do the risk stunts -- I can't do the character.
It was a role that he literally had been born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a sand of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When you graduate him, I went home, and my first artistic tour was like a three-dimensional terror.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be accessible to "consumption to better friend in a single singer.
Instead, I was there as a vase -- I didn't see it more than the number, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors didn't hire fat activists, no white, with disabilities.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldberg Rosetter, Rosetter Barry, Spone, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercial.
So I made me humanity.
In my first tour took famous children from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when I fell in the account that I was going to high speed on the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain paradis.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without flight.
Some people say I'm the first monologue of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and we are very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Oball, and I launched the American comedy of New York City -- now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Native Americans in the media and then remind them to the repair directors that South and Arabs are not single.
Integrating Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as I invited the news program by cable account with Keith Origamike.
I walked into a graduation dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair."
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were in live."
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not come out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was pale up.
And I finally had my opportunity and the disappeared. I knew they would not come back to me.
But not only Mr. Obrangey came back to invite me, but I was like a full-time participation and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Origamike was that people on the Internet are school.
It's said that children are crucial, but they never got away from me and a child no more.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a block object.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why does it tend to look at it?"
"Is it retrospect?
And my favorite, poor team population.
What disease does it have?
We really should laugh for it."
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my culture: guideline, commercial, paralyzing.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in a wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Beijing can't do someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yeah, clap up, man. Come on.
The disasters are the largest minority in the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the entire society to teach our children.
My terrible journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet for the Sandal Television dial, and the class Lord Arrocks.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sarah and work with my passenger, the incredible Dave Matthews.
The world comes up with the Arab Wars, "The Arabs have become crazy.
I was delicate in the representation of the great state of New Jersey in the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "My May "Machinese "Aristott: a charity of charity to give children refugee patterns a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live live, and I gave him this talk to his memory.
(Distort in peace, dad.
I call May Zambia, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village south in Somalia.
This village is near Mohamear.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
No one for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mohamear, the capital of Somalia.
When you get there, there are no opportunity, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Mohoma.
After maybe a year later, nothing.
One day you have a gentleman who offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to displace.
He knows a density group of people, who gives him a show.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
They present a young man.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mohamear, under a blue sky, a car shot.
That little boy of that small village with the dreams of the great quality was the suicide bomber and that dynamic group of people were the Sahara, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do you have a child's story trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immediately implicit?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that I took away from what we call "the "Persistence period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the markers, young urban youth who describe riots in Johnson, displaced riots in London, which are looking for something beyond the "President of hope."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the "President of "Punching," the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the panels, to be the story of cities 2.0 cities.
And in my city of birth, Mohoma, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mohamear last month, and I went to visit the Madiken hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital associated with balances thinking, "What if I never had gone?
What if I had seen me forced to be in that same piece of hope of hope."
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mohamear that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a business camera.
I met about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas on the big challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to Mother University, he graduated him.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate college secret, fresher, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited with.
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mohamear, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And they looked at an opportunity and it saved it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started beating motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "President of hope."
It makes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately for you.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Mohamican, a fluid.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mohamear has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers.
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be: Never.
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of prosperity and global design.
I created a farm outside of Mohamear, and he began to grow turtles and little birds, who said, could survive the hard momentum of Mohamear.
And it started the delivery of flowers for loved, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now he's working on the creation of the first public park of Mohamear in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mohamer.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roses.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink resources because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO to work for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be artificial to change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city faces.
They took business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put into the way of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, the support they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
He had hired the street kids to help rent and keep the engines for him.
I gave them a chance to escape from the parachute period parachute."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people into entrepreneurs and they find and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace that you adm and piece of hope."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam mountains, an aggressive area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves glow as a vital, and not to be the way we went on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings in setting that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a conference in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage, there was a trash of about four square feet with apple hearts of aluminum paper balls, and old salad.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought in, who thought that was going to clean their baseball?
That question followed with me, and it was simply simplified.
Who clean our dark?
No matter how you organize or where do you put our own out of the storm: who clean our trash in State?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, to 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and installations. And I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And he operated the mechanical schools and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictive as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies continue to adjust the weight of taking their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the workforce, the waste collection is one of the most dangerous activities in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they pass around you.
They just want to get married, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you get out of the room and you see a city from the top of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming.
It's also as a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste recognition is the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first public health protocols.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient form and effective every day, this starts to get rid of your context and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when we are in danger of consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing out your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed necessary.
With that, I mean simply at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about, and we don't repair or we clean or take with our cup of coffee, our fatal bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we travel them, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will take away from it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and engage it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost symbolically.
They're on the street every day, radical.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And his job allows us to do our own.
It's almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our failures, and that flow always must keep in a way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the graduate of a waste collection truck on the street, grabs my little son and went down the stairs running around, and there was a man doing his paper recycled journey as all the miracles.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and simply associated, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started to investigate the waste collection and I came back to see that man.
It's called Pauling, we worked together so many times and made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to recognize the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have to account all the costs, even the very real human cost of work hand.
The municipal waste -- what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one who sees someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to be running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to rest.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crisis with crystal generates heat inside the interior, so it's necessary for a lot of conflict.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa and Ethiopia.
It's a shame. It's a little bit of rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I really had the ancient market that is this structure of the air in the air, where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers every day.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building model, several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a much growth area in the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an unconscious atrocipin that creates a space in the air in the building that was supported, for its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a tissue similar to an ant captive with drilling parties to allow the air input and also in a filter way.
Then we were inspired in these beautiful bottles of the backs of the tabor.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the failure.
We're building that with these little predictable pieces that are the windows that let the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is matched with these little colors of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because they finally had more local to sell.
And the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy acquisition for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with meetings and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, which in terms of they collect water for the interior sanitation.
It's expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a teacher of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a big project, the biggest thing I designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, his tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 similar biggest blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patients.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of the internal doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate."
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we used a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that it's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patients, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians for the penguins.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to go back to the community, the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and society, and to make activities like running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as all new girls look at you.
I had big amounts of hair that had very brilliant hair, and a small client of pencils -- it was super strong for the capital capital, very good for organization.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I had a time after the school coming out, I was a little afternoon, and I hid myself in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was filtered, I went out in the classroom, I took from my teacher table the book of calculations.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just a few.
All the way --  And I went back to the book to the card, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a front, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows from Dead and myself a row of it, just to be there, because I could ...
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all definitely obvious.
They never found me.
But especially the reason I was bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good for organization.
I get into the cells.
They're so mysterious and so present.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also the primates, the blue birds are very powerful.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of schools in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because the novel is like the lab that the cells are studied in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infinite, no "here."
There would be no sky, or "The thousand and a night?
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the list of high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The noise and the Fund" -- there would be no Guafitation and "Forest." We would lose "May Zoo and "Angel K.
Without jealousy, there is no Progress. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost all of them have all of them.
This year is taken 100 years of his masterpiece, "Mark "Look, "In loss of the lost time, the most extraordinary study of sexual self-expression, and also the ordinary competition, my own, all we could have.  And thinking about Proust --  And thinking about Prostitution, we have the mental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic mass in your landscape.
We forget how hard that picture is.
We forget about how unlikely it is.
I mean, it was books that Virginia Wood said was as hard as a cat street.
I don't know what the cat street, but we assume it's superintelliged.
Let's see why they go so good together, the novel and the calls and the calls and Professor.
Is it going to be very obvious as the cells, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their presenting, are a solid narrative base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the lives of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
By being a normal and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to highlight the knife -- right?
Celebrities make us all amateur novels, and that is something that Proust understood it.
All she does to give me pleasure could give you a pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Shiney detects in his lover -- adds to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Proust were notoriously charges.
You know, Proust bonds would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so classic to recognize that it's hard work. Right?
The cells are advanced.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The cells are nutrient from information.
The cells use the details.
Clints like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute and small station of pencils of light.
The cells are nutrient from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  I promise the academic language with the calls of calls.
When Shanghai is in his rut, suddenly I hear behind the doors and the bribe of the server of his lover and then defend those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that this is replicating, but it's not unlike the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intelligence value?
Proust is trying to prove that the cells are interestingly, and they make us look absolutely absorbed, but in their mind, they're search for knowledge, for the truth, a painful truth. In fact, to the promise of process, the more painful the truth, better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Profession.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a range of more profound and more vital feelings than a wise man that can be interested."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women.
No. I think it's trying to say that cells disclose us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our addiction, our horrible ambition and our rights.
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at intensity so percentage?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young woman who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspect without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing -- involuntary behavior.
So small sounds) Is it accurate to a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the cost of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the cells do to look at intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intense charges we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, cells lead us to make violent or illegal acts of illustrations.
The cells urge us to behave totally inspired.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman in Michigan.
For a year. It's a whole year.
She was trying to inspire the new girlfriend of his former novel -- I have to confess that when or this, react with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How huge -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like a novel.
Like a novel of Hitzabu Patientine.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the "The Tumor Tumor One Trial, and "The Taliban Mr. Ripper, books that are dealing with how the jealousy, they confuse our minds, and once we are on the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what might be, can be perfect in a moment.
Let's take Tom Victor, his most famous character.
Tom Ripper is going to want or want what you have to tap away from your self and to get away from what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings, cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Ripper.
I can't give everybody to the world, as much as I would like.
It's a staircase, because we live in times of envy.
We live in cells of calls.
That is, are we good citizens of social networks, where is the coin is the environment? Right?
The novel show us the sales? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to 2024 Street Street and ask for Sollar Hollywoods.
When people think about Hollywood, you think about the measure of the market in Professor More, that criminal genius.
But I always prefer the Lester Instance, the head of the Strawling House of School Ara who needs Hellow Hellot, needs the Hello genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, I'm so familiar to me.
Lester needs its help, but the rest, and bubble with achievement in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Sixth Happiness Adventure, once Hellots come in, I promise everyone with his solution, Lesterland goes back to Hellows and says, "We are not charges, Mr. Hellot.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in South Archie that I wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood stretched in history. I find this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hello is the opposite side of Lesterland.
And the next minute is the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being a resource.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells really are a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like content plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to get us.
Just the decisive fiction of the cells.
The fiction alone is the domestic findings, invite them to the table.
And look at what agricultures, the Dutch Letter, the target Tom Ripper, the Sandle Carbon, the same March Progress.
We are in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but their presence at the surface gray glass was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in peace time in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo One.
But before the Apollo program finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
And he was walking on their surface, which Alexander after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't build a lot of the back, 31 pounds of old rocks -- and something that 24 would enjoy later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words in Kenya at the University of Rice in 1966 give us a better idea.
John F. Kenya, some questions, why is the moon?
Why would it turn it into our goals?
And you might also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain scale?
35 years ago, why would you fly over the Atlantic?
Why does Richard play Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Portuga: For the contexts, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to marvel to the transparency of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triangles.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin.
In the middle of the century, the polio is eradicated and eliminated the smallpox.
Technology seemed to be what Alvin Toran in 1970, called "a recording force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a band with candle -- but in 1969, the crew of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the joy of the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as going to Mars, create clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding global population seems to be intractable outcomes.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the climb tube called the Saturn Valley rocket.
I knew that this would be the last light mission, but I was completely sure I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies have been distracted and encouraged with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the autonomous sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a heritage explanation in Silicon Valley, which has been confident that have created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel financed and Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer the business.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment was changing the creation of the transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investment, ministers that they could go out in 10 years.
The Craigs, they've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which needs an enormous capital and whose development is long-term plants, and they have never invested in development of technologies meant to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deeper.
Sometimes, we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because the political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomaterials. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biominescentary.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and business and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would include development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, not to be.
We know from time that famines are result of failure in the food department.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution carefully.
Technology can improve things like chairs or systems for storage and food report, but there will be famines while there are bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes read a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nike will declare war to cancer in 1973, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant types of treatment, and only in the last 10 years seems to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presenters, political leaders, and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution, and the institutions have to actually support the solution, and we have to really understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, and it meets those criteria with them.
But it's a productive model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no bad competition like in the Cold War, there is no political like John Kennedy who has a hard thing and dangerous, and there is no possible science of science fiction like to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you with the general ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a recovery, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recovery, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has drawn?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it may have fallen in some activities or institutions and that might have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same detection.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago continue to be quite confidently, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly halfway in half.
But is this evidence enough to it?
What the opinion survey polls are is, of course, opinion.
What else can you record?
What you're looking at is the generic attitudes that people manage when some questions are asked.
Does it trust the politicians in the phone?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the green?
Conservations in fishermances?
Constructions in primate teachers?
You probably start to ask, "What do you do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of them, but in other notes."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to detect trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel from a certain kind of office, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, perhaps, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is different, why is it that we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ways.
I think that polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open the good journalist in the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would predict.
I would point out to have more confidence in what's deserve of trust, but not what it is.
In fact, I'm a paradigm to not trust what it's not confident.
And I think that those people who were depressed their savings with the very closely named Mr. Manchester, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
Trust or negative devices, that's the right target.
Once you say that, you say, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but the trustworthiness.
What's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you competition? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible for, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but it wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure you can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competitions.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely consumed.
If it's like this, I still haven't noticed me.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
trust is the answer.
trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we have tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and others, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the advanced paper than the part of the party is going to be attachment.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee conflict and evidence test, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to figure out the work of people who have to do hard tasks like the parts, explaining that they mark the colors, as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more conflicting, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will transfer the people that we're reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what's not done properly.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task reconstruct trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, is distinctive because we give it other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the bases enough so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to deal with detailed evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's every day, everywhere, does the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says that I can get them back with no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not a very hard thing to discover.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we have been working on reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the screen of the screen where imagination can be gone.
This separation has been reducing, and more and more and more, to such a point today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
And first I created this tool that goes into digital space, so when the strong optimists against the screen transfer its physical body to pixels.
Designers can map their ideas directly at 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break out the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Michael Appliance division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Matt Boomolothy, reduced the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combine a transparent view with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab them directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, to select them is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can move the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we invest in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
So surely many of us will have bought and put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a model mounted in your head or transmitted when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like that?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Isade and my collaborator, Remot Poster, we created this only physical film.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which involves the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simpling what we did was we would animate gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical action and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance corrections and the famous shots of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that is left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungaria, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the paid spending.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believe that there was only a blind path to happiness, a safe job and good regular.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese beauty.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singer of the opera must start to train from very young to learn the activists, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adults had an idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that, for the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I turned out to look for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I resort to books.
(Audience "Complaint of Santa Sharing "The High High History "Internet "The State of Newton, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese life.
And it's not convictive propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation, Henry to your father and your mother."
Henry, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obesity."
So it became my tool to come out of this comparable light trap, and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit too.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, at first, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparative reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There is to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
To compare and contract, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat "Google Francisco from Walter Islands from David McCascin who were involved in a very subject, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Criendly, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual.
For the Buddha they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social store. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Changing Titus, Thomas Marchet "The Way of The The Law Cartoon instead of me in the translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "better quick."
And "no Chinese in Chinese, literally means "new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present.
I know it's not going to be feeling alone or impossible.
Having a broken dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered in.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and with clarity, most of the time.
So books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychological client.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using paintings and a hole toy, he turned on the couch of my office to take the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so slow.
My class company had a pyramid as first customers.
And I took a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the sad stories that Alex brought into the sessions, I was easy to just move the head while we went back to the solution.
"The triangles are the new versions, he said, Alexander, and so I looked at it, she was right.
You start to work after, you get home later, you have children afterwards, until death goes next.
For versions like Alex and I had a time to go.
But soon after, my supermarket pressure me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resistently.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with kind of a category under your category -- he accessed with a head of mine, but it's not like you were to marry him."
And then my supermarket said, "Not no, but maybe you marry the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the Alberton marriage is before it cares?
This is what psychologists call a "Good moment.
It was when I realized that the 1930s are not the new 20s.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex being a pause in their development.
This made the United States in Alex the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of veterans everywhere.
There are 50 million vegetables in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider nobody to get to adulthood without passing before by the 1950s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to look at the vegetables here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with vegetables, love a vegetable, take a vegetable dream -- I want to see. It's okay. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Again: who shape your life will have happened to you when you're 30 and so on.
People from more than 40, they don't get in panic in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20s and represents for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change from themselves, it's now the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its clothes at 28 to the 28 and things become complicated to the 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has a democratized impact on the person that will become becoming completed.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the winners are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline.
Researchers call the 20 degrees an extended adolescence.
journalists are given ridiculous names to vegetables like The Theatrey and "Smilitarius?
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a transformation that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernardo said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them palm to a window in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, intelligent versions, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are going to end up and I still have nothing to demonstrate.
I had better culture the day I graduated from college."
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates for the 20 were like the gallon game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point about 30, it turned out the music and everybody started to feel.
I didn't want to be the only one who was standing on, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30?
Where are the vegetables here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there is a huge pressure to the tricks and so many of them start a career, choose a city, pick a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that starts to show, which is much harder and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The critical age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
Many triangles and plants look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the winners are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or the entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a member.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, which showed more fear than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, your previous life had even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she pulled himself up and said, "One doesn't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came put his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new book for a director, and I had spent all the morning reading it with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at empty space that follows after the words in case of emergency, please call up."
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a automatically automobile accident.
Who's going to take care of me if you give me cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "I me."
What Emma needed was not a transplantation that really would worry.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was going forward.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all version, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that would forget from that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
For identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal company that you want to test.
I'm not discovery the vertical exploration, I'm discovering the exploration that should not count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's production.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are available.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport, but the vegetables that are together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who comes out almost always comes from their closest circle.
New things come from what they're called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the vegetables have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and weak links are the shape of color to this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, so knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vegetable, Emma soon to choose his family, when he has a partner and it forms his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or you are right now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the high is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
choosing your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose to choose you.
So what happened with Emma."
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
This married man who chose consciously considered.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency acts of emergency are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with versions.
It's very easy to help them.
Visitians are like planes coming out of the airport of Los Angeles, which come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the spot, a slight administration in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Pink.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25 to the age of 25, a good conversation, a good store, a good story, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the advantages that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege to say to lentils like Emma every day, the triangles are not the new 20, they read their adulthood, they get identity capital, they use their weak links, they choose your family.
They don't let you define what they didn't know or what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consumer for a job that was even more expansion, the documentary.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh degrees in public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculate grades.
What struck me was that Chair was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have Craig stress.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that set me to think.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, safe, are hard, proportions, decorations, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure how to measure better.
It's the C. But what happens if I'm successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn quickly and easy.
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Michellin West Point.
We try to predict what cities stay in military training and who would be retreated.
We went to the National Content of Department and we tried to predict what children would advance the most possible thing in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really hard neighborhoods, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the year school and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job publish?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature emerged as a major predictive property.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was the determination.
Detecting is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to hold their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the Chicago public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my detection questionnaires and then wait about more than a year to see who they would fail.
It turns out that the children who were more determination had significantly higher likely to graduate -- even when I walked them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even security that was feeling when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Content of Delhi in which it matters the determination -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in the children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical self-esteem of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination to you.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that are simply not going on with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or even related to the measures of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dwarm, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not signal, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dwell has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to challenge, they're much more likely to prepare when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to write, to start everything again with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculator, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing me the beauty and the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for an earthquake, it seems to be as improved as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can draw this wall, so that what you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and faster way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, mentors of restaurant, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a front way, "Audion." I'm confirming -- this symbol is actually original in the call form, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's still."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multiple.
If one person would stretch your arms, this person is saying, "It was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prison, just like Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the connections.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "diagram."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls together.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's getting burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, present.
Three together, those are floods.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. It was embarrassing.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the core of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Too, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door scanned, speeding up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together are adulted.
So we've spent almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radiations will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters building another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing you learn about eight years.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east to China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two slides appeal on the other.
In ancient China, that meant in exile. Because Chinese employees would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a step.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the magnet of Olympic together.
The film dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gladden, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variation.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy show of family fantasy.
However, the Male magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took the age of the years later with it, interestingly, another film whose protests, a metal boy and a filter boy rescued a girl dressed as a fight of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Olympic magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Man of O.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, Doria, you are the sale of Oz as the career predicted it.
They use magic shoes to defeat the computer reports of the evil brown.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even villages are women.
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a child.
Three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supermarket level had gone down.  So he was slowed in the room and he was impressed as a mom legs with his patterns behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would you be values of value, preparation and legal?
Would you have the feeling that Luke was one to an army to bring the government?
We compare this with the X-ray of October of 1983.
How do you win Dorger his movie?
So making good friends with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up Olympic, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so many capital capital force, force in movies for our children, and so little the yellow brick path.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know that the princess Lego doesn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults which is a mill.  I think at the moment of the first kiss.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to begin to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on defeat the window and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, the boys, are not really their target audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarch, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarch.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and love like Merane and Kathers, but they don't stop being a war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all times continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who are creating a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when Valley came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a princess film.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films pass the Beach test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been raised and it's already proposed, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alan Back is a comic diagnose, and in the middle 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend on the assessment of the movies that you saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done, in the film, is there more than a female character than the lines.
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at a moment of the movie.
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid than so much?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, argument.
Right? Rubble surgery, tissue success, a consensus idea of what a Hollywood movie movie is.
Virtually it doesn't pass Beach test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a beetle where men and women hide during the crisis of the reports.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this scanning, and it's the great moment for one of the activists to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, hand?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular films, how many of them believe that they have female protocols."
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there is a bigger number that this room is going to be disappointed.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
One in the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the music videos or pornography are closely linked to, but something wrong with it, and when I hear that statistic -- one of the things that I think is there is a lot of sexual farmers.
Who are those guys? What are those guys learning?
What do you not do to learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the window with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our device as a power sweet, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively are educating our children to keep their own male power.
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
Malaria definition is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the adaptation.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter who was his favorite character of Star Wars you know what he responded?
Optical.
Obama Kenya and Greyn.
What do you have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which you say to my son, see and fight only and more stories where you see their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the Olympic magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies, because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these conditions.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look at them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying electricity, I realized that seeing with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length along the level.
And my sea cookies had grown up the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see in using the infrared infrastructure.
This is a place located in the Eastern flag of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place -- at the simple view, seems to be brain, but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like a brilliant rose.
What you're looking at is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and agencies.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Tairon, lost for thousands of years.
Taice was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fabure, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Tair was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge rainfall plan.
This area is enormous. It measures about 65 for four miles.
Before, the Nigeria flower right next to the Taylor side, and as he changed over time, he was moved to this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city selected in an extensive landscape.
Trying to find it in random would be the equivalent of a needle in a parachute, with the eyes sold and using baseball gas.
So we use NASA toys to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
So we were able to see where the English flower.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think might be the touch of Tair.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing showing jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show -- it's like sample samples in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of ceremony objects.
This means that in this possible Tair location, five meters down, we have a layer of accuration from several hundred years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Tair.
We also found stone jobs, coral and cardboard jobs, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire Zan, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that goes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Tair here, but we will go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also do big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Tair 4,000 years ago?
To share knowledge is most of all volunteers.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So apparently, TED was not founded in 1984.
It makes ideas actually happen in 1984 B.C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of this house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of nutrients in bicycles.
They are competing in a cloud of bicycle and they go in the direction of their entry door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're strengthening, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide in front of the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in abstract places.
The back, the password, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The light shining on the Molenning Mountains.
It's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue hair by making them tickle on the nose.
You can smell the sand of sand and steps that is about to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and doing the maximum use of his imagination, imagine British Spanish.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "Him Man Or Time Or Time."
Now give me the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a walk of yellow brick and from the oven, you come to you Dorgah, the Mola Man, the Spanish and the Law of "The Magnet Map of "The Man: Savando of the Hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memory Cample."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a science journalist, waiting for, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were marking hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memory more quickly the order of a narrow bar.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the computers.
This one, it's a man named Ed Coke who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memory.
I asked him, "Hey, when do you realize that you were a wise?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of you who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained us to perform these miracles of memory using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Council used Circle to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I not hear about this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit of non-powered, he said, John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know British Splashs?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to show British Splas how to memorize the order in a living Christmas bar, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Splails, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Eli.
He's a small, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. In he was based on the role of Dustic Hawaii in the "March Man."
We spent one afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, sending phone books, was central.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about written memory doing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and discovered and cultured wasn't a thing as rare as we can seem to be today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people for this idea of trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so simple -- there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it that you have brains in some way, structural or attack different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them compared to them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow coals. They found that in memory champions were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation memory.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where every year appears to someone with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 dragons of messy nanotechnology that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 444 birds advanced.
Yeah.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of the end of a single concept that psychologists call "playing "conduction."
He illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the Barbara Parager Pakist: I tell two people who remember the same word. I say to you. Remember there's a man called Bagel."
That's his shoe.
And then I ask them, "You remember there's a "Ballette "Baller."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you about a rate?
Remember what was it?"
The person who was told that his name is Bagel is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his job is "Balley."
The same word, different ability to remember, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name of Baker, it doesn't actually mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance through their head.
But the word, "Ballet." We know pandemics.
They use white hat.
They have handle in your hands.
You smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting some additional shocks to fish them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "mass of the memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simons who attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before that, if you wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't a DJ. It was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he was marked, and so soon it was, the banker of the banker collapsed it.
killing them all.
But not only killed everybody, but I destroyed the bodies by giving them unsustainable.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not get the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similar, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, close your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in every invited side.
I took the family in the hand by taking them back to where their loved ones were like the burnings.
What Simons added at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we are not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions word for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask me to get rid of the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely that they are very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory malaria is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy you want to remember, the more local, failure, scriptile and associated the image, more infinitely be.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treatments, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in the latest.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that Circle had done it if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're on the door of your house.
And to make some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and infinite image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Molennium of the Gallery Mountains on Mister E.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Coke.
And then you would see British Spanis to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they enter the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical percent.
In fact, the term type of the team comes from the Greek Grave," which means place."
It's a research of when people thought about the organization and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory palace.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I was filled with that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something weird about this supermarket of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a policier event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests, I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is mapped in the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an ancient school plane bought in a pulse market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was antidedone, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting more and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, communications, profits, inspirations, abstractions and hopefully unlikely in the eye of mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some graduate security glasses with tape leaving two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could enter in a kind of participatory personal experiment.
I thought this could serve from good player for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the concert, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the memory malaria or memorize nano-state barriers.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply down.
The memory palette. These memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process, a kind of complete attention that most of you don't go through running around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you with today is what Eli, the American that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence missing in the Blackard or iPhone, not paying attention to being in front of us, who walks on our side. We'll be so holes that we don't even bother to process in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory skills in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that I remember remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll get a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Neither. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents' home in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony.
And there all went through the rat looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I was looking at me, and I turned into a towel and they all looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was torture, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready it.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not of areas of sources, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we know.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize ourselves.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you are excited about: you think of power, stability and democracy."
And I know that you think about it in a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a description that architects use to create an emotional connection with ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
People who build the urbanizations and the governments and the governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberan Public Library who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this reduction thing, colonies, red smile, that let me interview what Lincoln tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, got another library, that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to come together, read and share.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these calls being so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the paintbrush.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for today's life.
We implemented, we push and we have so much that we get away from people.
All of the black, this depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and come back to connect with those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like translators, so we start to experience again, we make the place chocolate back over and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "British called."
It has to do with anthropology.
That can be advertised.
Small windows in democratic scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the piece back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know like and we update them.
We added and added shops and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't give a look.
We take Coca-Cola arms and we converted them into skyscrapers that can be medical categories made of glass.
shapes were all analyzed, they won in bold and colorful forms.
The plants became columns.
Children grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spent the rat in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the medium, to the French or the Italian.
Maybe with a single bread of bread.
This is what happens to policing.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Toxo.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the penguin chocolate in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with so-called decoration.
We displaced the historical symbols, now we count with new computer statistics -- and we find new composition, some ways that are star against other forms.
This is academic and a campaign, and it's super important. You stay totally exception.
Normally, the pill collection again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Giller Guinea, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public moments, they were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times qualified this miraculous construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical ways, how is it possible to become ubiquitous in the entire world?
And it happened, because the media was going around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
Same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turtline.
This phenomenon of the new Millennium has happened with other star architects.
And he happened to Zanly and Liberian, and what happened to these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
Transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on the web, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight or 100 more buildings, before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
Brother was not a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we are in the largest revolution of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of ants, steel or the access, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the media to media, it starts to chocolate more and faster, even faster to being in both of these extremes almost in simple, and it effectively defined the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects and you, the audience.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was decided.
This is the center of a village called Pintins in First Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vaccine.
But that meant that two years before the building, was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols. We learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those Lincoln libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went online in search of new biodiversity?
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's mentoring.
ammunition that can lead to the mayor of Lincoln, the people of Lincoln, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what it can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings and you're no longer a distorted public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen to, and you don't let you engage by architecture.
That means that the rich piece of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems that the society faces.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that buildings in the morning will be very different than the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Selino can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad imitation of red brick balloon in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are attached to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bit of a generation, as muscle and fiber like the animals that are going to look.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more lovely.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're no longer on opposite sides anymore.
They find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local library, the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned up a year and started walking.
And it does that in that great way, typical of the children of a year, being being a bad one, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He's laughing and shines, and he gives themselves those big kisses and memories.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, "When about doing this?
How is it that we suddenly don't like our appearance with our appearance.
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I fair."
This is Park, it's 13 years old and lives in Dennett.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, although his mom tells you all the rate that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you it's ugly.
Among what his mom says and what his friends or friends of school are told, doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of her own, I published it in YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice, am I fair?
Well, so far, Park has received over 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it doesn't even deserve the hope to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal teenager, which receives these answers in one of the stages of your life more emotionally vulnerable.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's leading them to do this?
Well, teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about, saying, "here, giving me like, "I like to -- starting, sharing, publishing -- this is never over.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, interestingly, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being always connected, is encouraging our kids to all turn out based on the number of "I like and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between one life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manufacturing digitally and it's a digitally manufacturing.
What is the most detailed thing in someone in front of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context.
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are taken from the news of girls now.
The zero ball models continue to dominate our parallels.
The tech technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, "Straphic, Hippocrate, British and Supreme.
For those of you who unknown, and astronomy means prosthetic.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see how young young people behave.
But the kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the super-social stars, and the remote singers of the sports stars.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other aspects start to suffer out.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see enough enough enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class debates -- they avoid participating in the classroom debate because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you see that good enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough -- you get a lower note to the average of your partner who don't worry about the appearance of it.
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland, United States and China.
And it gets regardless of what these young people really do.
So for it to get clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you are really true.
The low self-esteem on your body is determining academic performance.
And it's also losing health.
Teens with little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more not healthy diet than they can bring them to a food supply.
They have low self-worth.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all over this because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diabetes, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and dancing harm.
The pursuit of the perfect body is providing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have about again, regardless of whether or not they have more obsessional rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
releasing this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to engage trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs really tried, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical participants for anyone to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the risks in the issue, and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
Which is how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the attention of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to imagine that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as they look like.
We can all start doing it by doing the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you got a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, like governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up to value their entire person, valuing the individual, the diversity, the inclusion of it.
We need to put people who are really making the difference in a pediatrician.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them that go out in the big screen because we will just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think you see never the ones of being who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
Will your wife do?
Her sister to his sister.
Her daughter.
Her southern friend? Is his friend?
It could just be the woman who is at two separate seats -- what would it mean for her if it was released from that authoritarian voice in his interior, that I was blown by not having long legs -- more thin, a more flat mine, feet smaller feet smaller?
What would it mean for her, if we were to overcome this and we would say risk to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is giving us all of us.
But let's look at our children the truth.
Let's tell you that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small tracks of one year of today, become agents of safe change from themselves.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Sala Now entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Mandela Mandela Radio, the Leader of Defense Department Leader.
To North Senite were initially dependent on innocent -- but being paid by other minor charges, in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 horses from New York, including tunnels and synapses and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant information.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later North would be convicted by his participation in that attention.
Shake North is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with an American mother American, primary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few -- even most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, you don't need a lot to get to want to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are terrified so often to their convictions that thinks that you have to use every possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weekends, he and some friends, had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would be with him the next day.
We got to the Pole California pollen, which was not knowing our group, was visited by the FBI.
When I played up, my father helped me hold the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet I gave to the little orange light on the target and to surprise all of us, especially my whole goal in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, he said "I was "I working out "Work."
From such a parent, such a son.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a card with 700 pounds of explorers in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "Lama, which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved to me 20 times, and that instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships to do.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was time to empathize and go to another city.
As I was always my new face of the class often was standing victim victim.
I had a secret for my identity to avoid being the white, but being the new of the class, silence and region, was enough meaning.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- to grow up under fantastic, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could the eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a prison program in which I was involved in the Journal National Convention in Philadelphia.
My group focused on juvenile violence -- like I had been a mathematical victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, towards the end of the conversation, I found out that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish age.
It took several days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly felt very proud to have been able to sell the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was influence.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer work in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I met with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homosexual was a sin and for extension, all the hospitals were bad influence.
By accident. I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most amazing and less critical people I'd seen in life.
Having been accused by a child, it developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat ambulan people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to hire the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that is to be homotoss, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the David Shakespeare."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my interactions, and he helped me see that people's race or religion or sexual orientation, has nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my career figure in a moment where I was desperately needed to need.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedy would have had a better influence in my life that my own father, extremists, was not in vaccine.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that I would trust in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless democracy and said, "I'm tired of hating."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zapper Arabic.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to bring to violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better path -- that even though I was connected to this violent and international ideology, I didn't get to make it fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against the prizes.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For terrorism victims talking, against those active acts, as I reject the actions of my father.
With this simple I'm here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that kids don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my dad.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-wireless movie.
It's at 3D and it has a strong sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a famous and taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hungry, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice on your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that processes what we receive to produce results without experiencing the intrinsic movie film?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is obvious.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
Then there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I press that vision.
The psychology studied objectively behavior, neuroscience studied the brain objectively -- but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then 20 years ago, it all started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pentagia said, "It's now the moment for science to address consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion, a globalization of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kangladesh presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what certain areas of the brain are doing and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Now I don't address the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like members, like hers, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the drugs operate -- how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce them, they adapt and metabolize the living organisms. They're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of these questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the supply, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the supermarket that works -- for a long time, hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we were at this point.
We have a wonderful explanation, great. We used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision in the world.
I think that consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly -- something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an animal like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that are beginning to be crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such problem as hard as consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
And actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist theory, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental brains, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
On the contrary, they consider fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is all over.
In the 19th century, Maxis found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of principles presented, space time, mass, National Laws, Newton laws -- so put the basic laws of the electromagnetic, and put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws governance.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of process, space, time, mass, charge, then for a matter of logic, you have to reach the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can store them in a remove.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can take them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called "profit," "Patman for all, psychiatrist by mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mouths, the flies, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a foundation has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a foundation can be full of distress when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses."
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some creature of crude feeling subjective, a primary precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illegal to us, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and the powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is by monitoring awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called philanthropy, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration high, a high degree of prison, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration as well as a very significant degree of consciousness quite important.
But when you get to the worms of the microbes, microbes, particles -- the grain of the girl is deciding.
The level of information of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a different level of awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of prison, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that the connection can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
He describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't tell us about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking explains "The "Earth of equations coming from?
From the paralyzing vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equation.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, paralyzed vision, has the potential to translate our relationship with nature, and it can have fairly serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be a vegetarian an elevator.
If you're a parachute and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that by thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much of the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Atlantic artificial intelligence system in the movie "Don't "Do "The Film Displace."
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of paralyzing information, she has a complicated information process, so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have quite serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of turning them.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collectively, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, as the audience in a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of every single parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must take seriously.
So this paralyzing view, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, a lot of challenges, like how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right way to a theory of serious awareness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem in science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a low performance of education.
I went to school, I went to my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to meet for a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there is an obvious problem.
She doesn't really get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a precise in my mother's package, and I spent a lot of time looking at the search series, "Building Salarwhh and "Danny Cream."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mellon, just after about 20 minutes in the 21st class, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discussion?
And I said, "What's the discussion?
Well, I had been talking to you about the drawing law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about scientific things in school?"
"Belong in the act of action.
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with disabled people like inspiration objects.
And we are not. And it's not the fault of the guy, it is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulators.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint you strangely strangely.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied to the disability of disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is something Malay, Mayor Mayan.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not something bad, and it doesn't make it exciting.
And over the last few years, we have been able to spread even more this lie through social communication.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invitation?
Or this one: Before he leaves, stopped."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with prosthetic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term that was delivered, because they punish a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we considered the disasters in benefit from people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I have lost the account of the number of times that I've been surprised to me and wanting to express that you think I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my job had a public profile.
It was like I was happy for me to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is completely.
These images, those images match people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term people who are disappeared, deliberately because I care to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
And the things I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies by taking their bodies better.
So is it really fair to share them in the way we do it, by sharing those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a filth.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because they have sold us that disability makes us great.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here rotating the inspiration, and you think, "My God, Steven, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disabilities.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use some barrier pieces to collect the things that are falling down.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resistance from others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that exceptions and social.
I really think that that lie that we've sold about disability is the biggest insulation.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote -- "The only disability in life is a bad attitude -- the reason that that's mental is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a climb of stairs has never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never.   smile on a TV screen will not be able to appear to the subsidies for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and predicting a positive attitude to convert all those books to the barrier.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "Bull "The Valean Slooping doesn't be considered not from being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of the people with disability that we're happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child of 11 degree in a high school of Mellon is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair use.
The disability doesn't make us excited, but to question what you think you know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at increasing reality and professional football with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a color without charge?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please don't get discovered.
When people think about augmented reality, you think about Minister Republican: and in Tom Cross holding hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happening because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is increasing to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality.
The first step is what I wear put on, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what it is to run through the game field to 160 miles -- the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110-dollar man chasing us, trying to get away with all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass, under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of NGOs protection, because the idea of the NGOs of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kelly: Come on.
It's horrible to be a stream.
A moment. Let's zoom with a little bit.
Depressed?
Go!
Chris Kelly: As you can see, it's a problem of what is being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the street.
You may have realized that there's missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corporate from the University of Washington.
Camel frankly: The Cattages 54?" Thermos 54."
Blue eight, Blue eight? Go!
Chris Kelly: This is a little bit more about feeling like being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NBS.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field series.
Or about a row?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of falls, how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Ocean Rite, which surely many already know.
The Ocean Rite has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
SK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fear by his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peters crossing the line, getting out of a strand with the arm before you run and make an antibiotics? What will be a fan experience.
When I can be Muslim running through the coal, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Defice doing a scan in Williams?
What will be your experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic stick?
Maybe they increase the sales of passengers for adults.
But this is not yet augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Rob.
How do we get augmented reality, Roan?
We will get the augmented reality when the committees -- the masters and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parasites?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So here is a short deal about technology at NGO.
In 1965, the Balions of Baltimore put a wrist to their field serious to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA put radio in the helmet of the fields of fields and after the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2002, imagine that they're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic video that you carry on. You won't have to worry about forget a player.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parties of them as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
What would it do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner corner having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerators, something you're working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
Bad bad is going to be able to have information support.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your recycled, and the data analysis will stop being just for networks.
Who would be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the country?
Imagine you are the field serious.
You get the ball and you get back.
You look at an open receiver. All of a sudden, a flower on the left part of your bombsight gives you a defense behind you is going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Ross system gives you back.
You move to the protection area.
Another flower gives you that there's an open receiver.
You toss the ball, but they brought you down.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his view an area of grass that lights and can modify the race.
It is approaching, it pulls the whales and running and anthropologist.
The public pull and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create mass emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus like our health entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports leaders.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abalone how dances are their actions from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it looks personally?
How much is it for an American Charlie or a Neil Department Testage trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than translators and Karasurs?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions that we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years old, I spent the southern end of the Marsha County, which includes the Goldman Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is known globally by its beautiful views from San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Goldman Gates was open in 1973.
Joseph Streets, engineers who were commissioned to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to test the subject.
The suicide of the bridge is not practical or probability.
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will lead to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified like that, so that every since it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that goes down below your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one fall of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of those who are drilling vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
Those of you who don't normally get into the Indian water, and then they get a shock.
I don't think that the one who controls this method of suicide is realizing the death of death that they will face.
This is the carbon.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 palm packages to the bridge.
This is where most people are going to take care of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at the darker moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer by controlling his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the balloon.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officials as well.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, versions and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Gandhi.
I met it on July 22 of the year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the corner near the center.
I said, and when I got there, I looked at Jason talking to a Golding Gates officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zero created Paulinma, and sent him to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You know, never open that box."
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pander, and she opened the box.
From she came out plates, you weigh up, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
It stopped a few destinations, leaned on the right, and it was.
This nice and smart boy in New Jersey just took away from life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Parachute parents had asked her.
The collateral damage of the suicide is affecting a lot of people.
I'm asking you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family or a friend or someone loved were substance?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just talking about, but you have to listen.
I will hear to understand.
You don't argue, superstring, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point that you need.
If you think someone is suicide -- you're not afraid to confront and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is: Others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life.
To confront the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for it, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a waste of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 this year, and he wrote to me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite unexplored, but I notice more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Petric to San Francisco to see the 40th of the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Palestine police and I reported it as a disappeared night.
In the next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that Mike was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge at 1856, in the afternoon of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be extremely too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong with a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you.
The GPS, the World Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk down the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005 responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the edge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I watched this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the balloon, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the time and a half the next time, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that he made you go back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
He let me talk and just listen to it."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
"Dear Brookly, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is following us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was crying by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
He took Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious from all those inherited traits, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
Especially in debt with you, Naron Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "P.R. When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you signed as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Now, Kevin is an active father and the active member of society.
Talk about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather subsidies with poison.
That act -- despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want your own pain to go.
Usually this is only only three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suburban calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've lost two, but those two are too much.
One was James.
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final airport, he looked at me, and he said, "Belt, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped up.
Horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to focus on that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and living and you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second one that leaves the balloon realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only connected Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us must work for doing.
The suicide can be published.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you know what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question is made you make you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had from a child.
My outside finally concerned with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will refer to me later, when I look at this picture I think, you get it General, you get it, you get it.
But the last October. I discovered that, of course, I'm beginning.
We all encourage our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of leading, to get rid of the limitations imposed by skin color or for the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this engineering is called revelation.
This is my own.
I was registered as a child being born because of my genital appearance.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my home, I always had this truck in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to suggest it.
The gender has always been considered an immune fact, but now we know that actually, it's something more complex and a mysterious thing.
Because of my success, I never dared to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be a bad thing, but how the world is dealing with those of us who want to release them.
Every day.
I have mom and dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the sons.
And when I was eight, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries together.
And I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me, this is the kind of woman that I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TV.
It's the director of a transportation consumer.
That night, she asked me, "Why haven't you involved in the beauty consumer."
He told me that if she participated she would get rid of the institution and the reserve, and that night, I won in a bathroom suit and he won in a gallon suit and left three finance between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of transparent women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the shots, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends from that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my support from the green card that I could go to live the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Mama, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two "me to my name.
She also accompanied me when I operate in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most presidential surgeries of Titanic and sophisticated and safe.
At the time in the U.S., I was necessary to do the surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the Gene name and the Final Gender Final."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity documents mean being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digging.
Suddenly, my fears were minimated.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
And I think of this woman in the Man Networks.
A young woman in New York who was deliberately living his truth, but he destroyed his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global surveillance by the Commons Common Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday no longer there is no longer the village of 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General, a quick question.
Gene Rocker: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
To my parents, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending to young women, I have originally, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it. I took my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all get a gender in birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that non-lethal authority, and that there should be a space that allows people to added, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparency movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are generally known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were married in 2011, when he was given the juvenile National Prize of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, their birth is not celebrated.
It's not government, not by his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one's happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it is moved, and with the hope of a son, when he translated his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffering, but the daughter, the newly born daughter, when it grows up, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and school admit to his siblings.
Up to the age of 12 years old, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with his friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when I turned 13 years, he was banned to go out of his house without a male astronomy.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that so-called honor honor, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this so-called honor code, not only the life of a guy, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there is a more parallel rule of patriarchal societies called objective.
A good girl is supposed to be very cardiove, very humble and very supply.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be called.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of their father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a distance of a desert.
If you hear it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it a designer.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a poet -- "The house, they walk it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
You want brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored to me.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Manhattan, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I went on, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malay?"
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I took it into my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a little girl in a school?"
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for life life.
Increasingly in a school means the recognition of its identity and his name.
One administration to school means has entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when the Canadian vision formula, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the shoes of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the satisfaction of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mall.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys by the same.
I used education for empowering.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the object.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called sentence.
You want brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we find a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called a talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, and the girls who were silent and the killed singers were silent.
They suffer millions, but a few talked about, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and send when you speak for their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10 years, Galileo stood up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread like a class around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and October 9 of 2012, they shoot it to burn in the head.
It was a pharmaceutical day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was delivering between life and death, I whispered the ear to my wife, "Should I blame my daughter, and I got to blame my daughter, your daughter.
And he said, "Please don't blame you.
They define the cause of fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, because of the cause of education, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protecting it."
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Muhammad was in the hospital and he had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained away.
I used to say, "I'm fine with my torture and the impact on my face.
I'm going to be right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and it was consumed.
You want brothers and sisters -- we've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
I cried when I didn't end his task.
It fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has made so audacious to Malawaya so brave and expression and economics?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was opposite of the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Mosta group, Google -- where I've had a division to my office, the Google X visualization divide -- but all the work that I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you take a brain operation.
You keep being like smart or not?
Not to be that, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what a dozen people take, from more than a dozen chemical powerful every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to follow alive.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there isn't really a map of clear that says it in detail.
I started to try with different mixes and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the dose changed my automobile, my sense of who I was me, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried dose and typical chemicals for a man in a 20s, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some advanced versions in the past.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be artificially.
In fact, I was trying to get a lot of insect, to fix a problem that had in front of it, and it simply didn't happen.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better at men.
What I was trying to do -- when you adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and others -- was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thought, my creative thought.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point, how do you get those mental images that I use to create proteins, my ideas, if you want? testing new ideas and recovering situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
philosophers like humor, Descartes and Howards see things similar shape.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works, to me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creating and invented.
So after several years, I find the point right and I have lots of great mental images, really videos, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to steer the world that has the front?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Gillian Gandhians and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the scene of the brain of that same individual as it was imagined by seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by looking at the content of the central column on the left, and you see that difference is almost natural.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost natural.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves in reconstructing visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, the hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they escaped their brains to create a great deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer -- using only the brain information of the scan was wired to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer decorations, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us both.
We're okay to do it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see a picture and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest resolution systems that are available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many are providing new projection techniques for images, even me -- telling the recent result of MRI, first we have to ask ourselves the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with larger magnets -- but to this point, more fat magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets -- let's make better magnets better.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different rules, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances of infectious and brilliant solutions in codes and decision, in the transportations and receptors of FAR radio frequency in the MRI systems.
In turn, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns that are built to the FM radio frequency.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FBI radio frequency patterns, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single stage.
Also, we can then be able to divide our growing knowledge on the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the IDEO we should be able to measure not only the blood flow of blood openings, but the hormone and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through the thought.
What would we be able?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be argument to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the class of Alzheimer's and disease and disease.
We have a few more options than opening this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine to take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk tonight about out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arrows.
His closet, maybe it's to tell someone for the first time that love or tell someone who is pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have hard for you to be involved in in life.
All of the article is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be very tremendously -- the experience of having lived in and out of that arrow is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Walker California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of bookstore military, not to break my useful, quote the letters of Ann Diagno Frank as a letter.
And I'm going to be aware that by the hole of my short swamp and I was able to shave my head a little bit, I would ask usually a small child, "Hey, are you a kid or girl."
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a left office.
The father would be ambigued by the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would be going into the inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and was about to come into the female issues on the table --  I had Bets Francisco Freedom.
The cultures of Gloria Stein.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," which I would show you.
So I breathe home and I went down and I looked at my backs a four year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist fall, just a little girl with a question: "Are you a kid or a girl."
And so I breathe out again, I got from cultures near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a conference thing.
I have the short hair like a child, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable bird.
Well, I'm more of the kind of girl of a comfortable bird."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite bed is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that was it. Just "Ah, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pandemic that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the swamp and I, both of us were honest with the other.
As many of us, I've lived in some of my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an architecture.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
It's like my closet, it's not different than you or yours or your own.
Sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The difficult thing is not relative to it.
The hard is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has become a broken bank is harder than saying it's been false?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your child of five who are going to divorce you?"
There's no more difficult, there is only the hard thing.
We need to stop changing what is difficult to respect to what it is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our closet, and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in the closet, and they can make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what your walls are, an arter is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and a high tomato shoes.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old kid who would enter the coffee coffee.
I was frozen by fear, I was trapped in a corner of my dark arrow pushing my gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was given to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that brick, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable fruit launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the people in the guests knew that it was gay, and by doing my honor lady workers, in my black dress and the tables, walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents' friends were, people who met me for years.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Lang!"
And the gay feedback battle had started.
"You ever were in the Case?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fantastic.
"Ah, you know my stupid Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having a government."
"Ah, what's your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Grand.
And you know who loves us? Jack coming?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, described but hope to show you desperately his support, to get me to know that I was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink ships.
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the frauds of the fraud.
It might surely have been easy to indicate where they felt like.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were designing.
And what else can you ask someone, but to be studying?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
So hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to come out of any army is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Keep the armed. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genius, the others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct. Just give him it. Get your parasites.
If you know they're gay, I'll tell you.
If you say to your parents that maybe they might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You are never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe wounds -- sorry by what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be disappointed -- but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in an urban dark taking a brown, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bolt. Enjoy the window.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Department Disney that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as if a submarine can notice?
When Edison Disney wrote this was made as a critic to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you are from an alien race that you don't know about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth, no intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, would be forced to develop a physical theory that explained how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that display the surface of a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines -- that they pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of future possible.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different topics and putting them together, I asked, for several years, there is an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different themes that we can extract from all of these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of one and = to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open options, with a T force, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending time, the table.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the open options.
And so having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence.
Does it predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the surprising applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or entropy," for their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that constructive collective connection between entropy and insulin intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that you find inside.
Amazingly, International could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money trading action, all of it without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot of foot without getting married, here we see Internet and automatically warping a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it to entropy a goal.
He just decided to be able to balance the poster.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate through extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can perform a model of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
International is widely applicable to a variety of dominants.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting itself in itself, illuminating its potential for play.
So here we see Internet offering new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the net welcome study.
This same capacity of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a fleet fleet discovering and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discover and execute a companies strategy -- sending in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its excited gesture.
This ability to risk risk will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wikipedians, what you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behavior such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Let's go back to the beginning of the robot, the RED work, the work was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion,
The machines will wake up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the invention.
It's not that machines first become smart and then megaldness and try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of target.
They often ask me, "How is it that looking for goals is about this kind of shark?"
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conservation of stars and losing the planet we call "home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of potential planets that orbit around other stars, which is points that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
In short, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rockets like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this testimony of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is conducting under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
Glasses and marine ice that have been with us from the millennia, are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on a global scale have been rapidly supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomy.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, hoping to find places in the universe where discovering life beyond our planet.
You might say that looking for alien opportunities in the institutional sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the next planet discovered and the planets that we know better?
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world demonstrated this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our volcanoes like the Curator trace their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit the Magazine, like Machiney Mississippiness, take samples of the atmosphere atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies are now offering not only short space flights but also the chance of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and prisoners, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the devastating areas of our planet that they still have to collapse, places really extract in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and higher places on Earth the air is fresh and replicate of oxygen by our tropical forests thousands of miles away.
I worry about this excitement for the collection of Mars and other artificial planets with a big and sad show" -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars would expect to save us from this infectious subtriction of the only planet that we know is really healthy, the Earth.
As much as I like the intellectual exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the term will be place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for the interrogarity and the Earth preservation are not controlled.
No, they are actually faces of the same drink, the goal to understand, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world light as extraterrestrial pandemics.
Just you find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile and intellectual areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist English Fear was asked -- having to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough technology to consider to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of what's important to protect the origin of planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization, we will save ourselves from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interrogarity can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to supply the hostile environments of Mars to the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task of preserving the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I used my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all right.
I thought about calling a cereal, at least I had my cell phone, but at the midnight, a ceremony could take a lot of time to get there, and I made cold.
I couldn't come home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was predicting from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure I was not much more expensive than a center at a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was good participator.
I'm a professor neuroscience, and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
It's curious release that increases heart rhythm, shaped the levels of adrenaline and cloud the thinking.
And when I got to the decrease show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, which prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if you happen bad things, that minimize the probability that it is a total catastrophe for you.
So I started thinking about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't create.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kaliner, won from the Nobel Prize -- and a little embarrassed he told him about the window, and Daniel shared my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prosperity retrofit.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kleiner, who had written about this a few years earlier, known as a prime.
Everybody knows what the pollution is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the prime, as Daniel explains Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, trying to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about is some things that we can do in the form of a prime.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I will make a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is where the fish are, which lands the fruit trees, where the friends and the enemies are living in.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is all actually adding in the London sticks.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the forget sense of the arrows and still they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the play, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose car keys, reading glasses and passengers.
So at home they get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular coast.
For their reading glasses, a particular metal.
If you make a place and you're expressive with it your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, license to drive, passport, email it for email to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the substitute.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortex.
Cortillator is toxic.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a dear being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is raised as a prison for all made of medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you need to take from the rational assessment of the facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high?
You all know that the high cholesterol.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help reduce the cholesterol -- a station.
And you may have heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, even it's likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, you take the state."
But there's a question that should be done then, a statistic that has to be asked that most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to try.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of developed statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't get me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's a blame of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the GPS estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely prescribed state, which is what you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300.
This is according to the research of the cynical researchers Jerry Greening and Palmine Hartin, confirmed independently by Blooppie.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my colleague.
Why don't you doctor?
But then you have to ask for a more statistics more, and is, "Do you get from high sectors? Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: definitely muscle pain and articulate pain, physical pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medication.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the reason chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that you help your drug.
I don't say they had to take the state.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethics requires it is part of the beginning of informed consent.
We are right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number that I need to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that most of it is done in men over 50, extension of prostate cancer, the number needed to treat is 49 percent.
This is, 49 surgeries for one person who's helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or primary distance, urban incompletition, right across -- fecal incompletition.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of the 50 percent of the effects just going to be a year or two.
So the idea of the prime is to think before time the questions that you can have to put the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change from the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face with a predator. You don't need the digestive system, or the book or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapid, you could get to be the lunch lunch, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes out of the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kaliner and their colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all definitions.
We're all going to fail in the way.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Recording at night of snow in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a sign of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of mail messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piber, "Prize," is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing serious.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "Piece of "Prince: you need to play more serious.
Two penile: even more gentle.
Four person: extremely soft strong.
This is my drawing of a piece of "Progre" -- you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of "Color may have -- you will never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ATLA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came in over the 1800s, and over the course of time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as ALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in an foreign country, following their rules, commanders, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to.
I have learned, for example.
"Don't shoot the door.
"Don't do a lot of noise to eat the bag of fresh chips.
"Don't grow, and when you're eating, I want to make sure not to draw the covers on the platform."
All of this is called sound said."
Maybe I think of sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surgery of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound nerve, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
TBP: To continue.
TB, for announcing.
You can see that the prison has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle books and sheets.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for picture at ALS.
A typical prison has five lines.
However, for me, I'm going to be with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawing I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had a chance to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, it was all audience.
Now sound has entered my artwork.
Is it going to spread more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound property and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and defend it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something from an listener.
And the sound is so powerful that I could deliver me and my artistic job, or I could empower me.
I chose that I would drive.
There's a mass culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal to the same way and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of ATLA.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you asked their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If you wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could stand in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express fully on the paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept at ATLA.
The two are very spaces and highly modified that means subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals like the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how ATMT works.
So, imagine a piano.
ATMT is divided in many different gravity parameters.
If you take a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano -- like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so as the piano touches the piano and the English is a linear language, as if it's just a key at a time.
However, the ATLA is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear or clear concept at ATLA.
If only a keyboard would change the chord. It would create a completely different meaning.
The same is happening with music in terms of tone and mood and volume.
At ATLA, by using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal of the family in that."
This is the sign of the family in it."
I'm looking at you.
Looking at it.
Oh, I got married.
Uh.
What are you looking for?
Oh, right?
So I got to think, and if I look at ATM through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun comes out and gets up.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel like the same thing can tell you about all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night, "Link," "During the night?  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed at ATLA and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one handle -- it's a hand, two you are -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then he got on the way." Used to the last and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at a time, there was once.
"Mind "massive," it's a musical term with a specific pace of four times a day.
However, when I see the word "massive time, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MD: Right, right, lady left hand.
We have the painting through the head and the chest.
"When Mayber, MOM, fragment for "The Charter: Mim, Flag France? I'm going to show you a form of hand called "fly "Fleximent."
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head like the chest, something like common time, or at the same time."
Yes, very good.
That means "love in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "control at ALS.
Now, the third one. Please give me again.
And again, again.
It's "limitation at ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"I will look away, "control and "link."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in your head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how AIMS is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very auditory world.
And only because ATM has no sound, automatically has no social value.
We have to begin to question what defines social value and allow ALS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ATLA.
The ATLA is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denner Kathway," hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can enjoy everything, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a bubble of ignorance I must say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also subsidized and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
Last time, I'm now adults and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach, they climb with lots of trash.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something specific.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, collecting those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with available height, so that the very low kids can also participate.
And I will tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we cut it down to the size we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragile.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we will only collect information.
By using a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before the lunch.
And we transform limits and web cameras, and we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get a estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "Tremendous "Treasure, with hope that someone else gets better even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they were taken with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning an oil spill, just using your hands, in Survey, the largest mangrove in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water where they are based, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown, the mud and oil are also color color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can change through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We team this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
"I can research a problem at discussion: I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe addressing a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a Japanese half French middle and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had a number of giant waves, called the tsunami, and those tsunami tools destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports of a 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Furdenty radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a safe thing, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Foundation every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported to the control center, here you see the use of different markets.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them we discuss the data collected that day and talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the extensive, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary role map from the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, introduced films to represent data in real time of rationality, and we rock water to simulate rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtered from the top of the mountain into the Arab system and installed in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to the date.
We came up to 1.5 miles from nuclear central and with the aid of the area of the area we were collecting the sea milk sediments with a sediment of sediment as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress," we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so that we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of oil, basically, you can build almost there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students, acceleration." Acceptance?
Steven Darwin: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legal, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the kids in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that they can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two galaxy colors, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single silk thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other one.
One is imposing about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the market in broching, he saw a figure that struggle for being free.
The line was only Microsoft Angele.
But living creatures are not connected.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information from every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by green ground and mass production.
Money lines have collected a world made of parts, by finding the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as short partners with different functions.
But you don't find small blood materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are displaced with thin ports.
The skin lines are more thick with little ports.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a bar, and yet, it's the same skin, no parts, no engineering.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, twice every designer of every designer and architect to work currently between the cycle and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and signs, is shown in both screens after me.
My work, in your simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, moving from the assembly and approach growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why couldn't this do 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they build four disciplines that offers access to access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales -- as a scale of scale, like this robotic arm with an impulse of 24 meters of diameter with a vaccine that someday not very far away to print entire buildings, and graphics to national microbes made of genetically modified buildings that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every opening is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion department from Paris with Iran van Heroes. It's like a second skin made from a single piece, rid in the contact, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and fall 3D false of the cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO close.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, it allows us to design products that are adapted not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a strip at the structural time, comfortable and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire ourselves, and by designing this pregnancy pattern, it becomes an amazing.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in right, opportunity and color, corresponds to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not by the addition of another material or another assembly installation, but by continually vaniability and depressed material property.
But is it the ideal nature of it?
Are there no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and it came to define a lot of what matters me.
As she relates: "In the third day of Creative, God sent the Earth to grow a fresh urban tree of fruit.
For that first urban tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees to grow trees with branches and cortex, workshops and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
And I often ask, "What would design do if objects were made from one piece of piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second largest biosphere on the planet is called the punishment, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and schools and brothers.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal serious.  We asked a lot of shark husks and we put them together and we produced plastic cake.
By looking at chemical conditions, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures -- it was built a system with multiple books of extraordinary controlled extraordinary.
The robot could make the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent.
When pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural shape of contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic designer?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria genetically designed to capture quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of the motor of model, and if it gets even more, the window.
A frustrating tree of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of coastal husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed for biomine, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and placed on the ground, they'll help grow a tree.
The administration for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the international travel.
To do that, we must dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table we did our own expert of elements: new forms of life created computing manufactured and underestimated by biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid alcohol, only instead of transforming precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microbes.
The first is the circumstance.
It lives in our oceans and the sweet water tanks.
And the second, E. held, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One becomes light in sugar, the other supply of sugar and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
To keep these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tradition, that will help you flow these bacteria and they alter their way of path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by looking at the properties of material according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photographs, we designed more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it takes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our delicate gut.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first portrait physical channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shanghai said, "We're creatures of fashion -- only half is made."
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase the living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would they repair the damaged tissue and overcome our bodies.
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up.
This cube capital, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it metals.
The non-lethal manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combination not of two materials but two proteins in different conditions.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers to each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is left in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hurt a capital of compression.
tension and commitment, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hydrogen.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that he had a flat capital and still metaphorically metaphor.
So we started designing different environments -- different symptoms, and we've discovered that form, the composition of the capital, is transitional directly by the environment.
They often have the silk worms to death inside their cats, their silk gets rid and it uses in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these flashes, we can shape the raw silk without having a single capita.
They were metabolized healthy, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process into architectural scale.
We had a honest robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms made to more dark and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or obsessed, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the origamists.
We asked 65,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to hurt with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and while they were heading, they started approaching, they get eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
When you have a biological silk on the hot silk system, they give all this pavilion their integrity in it.
And in a little over two or three weeks, 65 seats of silk drop 5,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The polars, after the explosion, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra parallels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full empty vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new age of creation, that takes us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands of us, for the first time, that we make charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more?
If you had to remember how old they were asked for the first time this?
You can show them with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you want to be a bigger?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the killing and art and developed websites -- besides, played the guitar in a punishment band called Telescope Frustrale.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to try and persist all ways for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of abuse, this feeling of book, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, which is completely different, and I get into it, and I'm going to let me absorb and I feel "Yes." I have found my me," and then again, this point where I start to broke up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all of my other passions, and I would give me to sleep.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something wrong with me for no defining anything.
I was worried about having a fear of engagement, or being scattered or assigning or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have asked you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal meaning to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
We are asked first, "What do you want to be bigger?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody matters what you respond to that age.
It is considered an naive issue to bring cute answers in children like, "It's going to be antibiotics, or "It's a dancer or "I want to be a piece."
They insert the Daniel design here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, I -- I said, to high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be bigger?
It is going to be the cute exercise of before the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer 20 different things, even though they are very well-intentioned adults and say, "Oh, what's cute but you can't be a rape of rape and psychology.
You've got to choose you."
This is Dr. Bob Children --  -- and he's an architect of rape and psychopathic.
And this Amy North, magazine of magazine converted into the linearing, businesses, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real voice, the idea that each one of us has something to spend for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplication.
A multi-wireless is someone with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a bound for it.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that meet the same idea, as a stress, renewable.
During the time of Renaissance -- the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shan refers to us as seasfulness.
They use any term that you like or invent yourself.
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see multiplication as a limitation or challenge that you should be coming in.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here are three multi-wet-project supermarkets.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in intersection.
Sun Hawaii and Rachel Bing expressed his interests in cartilage, visual data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mexico.
Metro is a company that creates geographical bike jewelry.
Shadi and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his electronic application of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And multiplies, with all their anternatives, can access a lot of these interesting points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the multiplications are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are hearing to be principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we follow, so we rarely start from zero.
North Donat is a full time trip and writing independence.
As a penicify child perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before I become a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling languages for publishers for the editors to write convenient.
It rarely is a waste of time to get to what you get attracted to, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. I mean, the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation.
Open Caudian is sometimes a director of videos, others, web pages -- sometimes consumer consumers, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bon.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fast Company magazine is defined as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they're the individuals and organizations that can be positively put the needs of the market, which will actually be provided.
Sounds of ideas, rapid learning and adaptation, three skills where multiplies are very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're hardwired to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in foster to multiplies to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplications right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a specialist and a mass multiple.
The specialist can dive deep and put into practice ideas, and the multiplication offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are announcing with the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multiplications largely are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
And once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope that's this: reconstructing with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, especially for all the media.
That's where you're going to give the best thing.
But for the multiplies in the room, including those who have just figured out being one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I tell you, acknowledge with your many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those control corrections.
Take the intersections.
Obarried our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and more happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplications, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1995, a woman named August took it to a psychiatric in France.
Automatic displaced and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Allenses.
Allies didn't know how to help Australia, but I was looking for her until he was unfortunately passed in 1960.
After his death, Allands did a sub-Saharan autonomy, and they found strange and old plates in the brain, from a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than the Allen gave him 14 years ago.
Allands was Dr. Allen Alzheimer's Dr. Alzheimer's Dr.
And August Detroit, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 100, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, status for cardiologists and much more.
But it's a little bit progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million all over the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that by the way, including a lot of you.
If you wait to live until 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's going to be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their wounded years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's disease.
Now only in the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance are spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and their costs were a five times in the year 2050, as the generation of the baby generation.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't predict, cure or even relevant their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should say, Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all of us, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be synonymous in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy living brain in comparison with an Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to describing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange planes in the brain of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know today that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that is folding as an origami.
There are places in paper that are parallel.
And when it hits well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form large plates and old planes.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like designing a bomb.
Corruption a wire could do nothing.
The other one can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there is a different group of people, doctors, biologists, general, chemicals and engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms in guidelines.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms are on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are paying each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's Allies.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to tell you that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other disease, patients and their families have locked more research and extraordinary pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and
That was essential to advance the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
We see that same unit to defeat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too much tested to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talking about them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience when I tried to test it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers get together to do 36 more and more personal questions, and then both you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone.
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal again.
Number 30 -- this really likes -- Tell your partner what you get from him or her -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the crisis that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love me.
However, we fell away, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Column love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it is already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, do you go together yet.
And the reason I think this is why I think this is because I've been asked to this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was going to be very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been told to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times will probably have a few thousand views.
And that took a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had been called the Solar Moralite and the World Morality America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was to say something, little ready for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with synthesizer about their own love, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks -- they always did the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase, "Yes still together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and corrections like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where is your government?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the self-interest of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come up with life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both would make a public emergence together.
It receives television interviews, and they reduced the films of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the indicators in the infrastructure of the entrepreneur process, a range for the one I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked -- I mean, if I was able to produce predatory love, not just an adventure, but real love, long-term love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially people would pose the wrong question.
How do you know if we were going to go together or not, and also tell it?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an international approach between college students, using what Iran called Approach personal Apple, progressive and recycled.
Sounds romantic -- right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several previous studies were also used to use the rapid American Protocol Profit Protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal arts and then a student came to me and said to me with the temperature," I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed disconnected by it.
And I said, "You want to say that you love the person who did it?
Well, he did a pain.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends.
Did you feel that you had to know better after testing the studio.
The assignment.
So, I said, "I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I first had 29 and I was looking at a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was probably all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I flew in science.
I looked at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I only research for the book that I write for, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was addressed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and just like I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you reasonably can tell me.
What I find from love is a stranger, not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a shape in some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very tight story, because you can love us to feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The story of the story I ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things get completely completely completely completely completely competition?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your mate?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it's this one. A year ago, a meeting and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love with this is not the same thing to stay in love.
They are the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I was very excited about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to have that choice.
I won't consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how many times it will have to keep making that choice without knowing if he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love somebody so general, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end of the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's translated, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
And I was raised by some links in the mountain and in some way I got like a forest of the forest.
Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our own exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
And at a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a link for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I gave him all the pages and I made a kind of curiosity cell to the Agnes Martin style -- and I covered them in resin, and a bee got stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it turned out the size of size, like you would look at the text with a magnifying cloud.
So I did that? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow transparents, draw the same as it's done around a card on the crime scene.
And I pulled the objects and created my own sense of species invented.
First, buttons -- that you can make an idea.
And then I did some strange insects and critical creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the back layers of resistance.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner for example, to go to Sweden.
It was great, man.
At some point I got interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: Moral me.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin, I was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing in a window -- then in another window and another window and had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work blamed with something very big, which I call a transportation.
For the traffic -- I was largely inspired in "The Garden of The High Boston Depression who is a painting at the Museum of Practic in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the trafficking." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the longests.
There's a cave where all these creatures with the heads of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where the creatures of animals are headed to the fact, ready to subsidize mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a young god tied to an accelerator.
Bill Graham is in the sea, the Horizon -- the organic platform of the shot, White, the Osama Bin Ladench, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
In all ways, also a kind of a markering.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it hears oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of the clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it seems like a military being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the traffic."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I hear.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a transmitter, like a bird of bird, and you hear clouds of this catch.
It also has a $50 silk tail that binds the traffic."
Anyway, his tail is standing on fire on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go by, you know.
His tail ends up in a color balloon balloon made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you're called "Picks."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and materials are enclishing, dictionaries or magazines or journals.
But each act as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they're going together, divided up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'm going to tell you for the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not not -- or whatever it is, a kind of thing.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a broken body in half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and enter the head of this strange statue in the head.
There's a little forest scene inside the ethical cave.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pink Worldchanging.
Inside this box is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painting, a musician, a writer, a radio email, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that defines all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people in the middle of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with diversity, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head?
They take a password.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the interest and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and increasing system so that any of the extra drugs in the body.
The disadvantage -- though, is that when you translate it out of any drug device.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the Captional CAPTCHA.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time you take to the blood current, they display, and worse even for the time you take to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV department.
These are regions of the body like lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is instantly instantly and doesn't easily enter the blood torgas of patients who are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral medications.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life transported by its oral age.
One day, I sat and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the department of the virus, without the risk of drugs of development?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you're used in method, for care of wounds and diabetes and diabetes can be used for anything, including the intellectual transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs to introduce drugs.
They are best asked, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit of a lot of laser law on the cellular membrane that HIV is embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before even realizing it, the hole is replaced immediately.
We're now testing this violence in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incentive in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an increase that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the arms areas -- they were not standards -- armed organizations like terrorists, insults or military.
You document what these groups do when they're not spreading.
My goal is to understand the best of these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course because the war has changed.
It used to be a distance between states.
No.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21st signed peace arrangements between 1975.
So we have to understand these groups, we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and political struggle is relating.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to treat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Hebritme Herolican, known for his violent face against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, He has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hall, known for its suicide attacks against Israel, also admired the Gaza France France since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting apart.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV stations. Teacher websites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the Islam magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funding without the landscapes, but through profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put in a professional form of professional training programs or microbes.
He provides all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state isn't transferred, security and protection.
The accent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan delivered by the war or even the beginning of the Islam ascent -- can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are headline.
They grow because they have left gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed groups, and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, less we can categorize it as something like a state.
How do you call a group like Heroes."
They take part of a territory, they manage all their functions -- they collect the garbage -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebellion group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISARS?
The lines displaced.
We live in a world of states, of without state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to hire these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to promote the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new slide between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but it won't give us peace and stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist female.
My opinions about gender equality are videos, but I fear that accepting openly the feminist tag would be unfair.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I was attacked as a bad feminist female.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The "Balance "Family" and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Malaster German.
So what started as a personal joke destined myself and a deliberate providing, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminist females, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was going to be immediately female.
Being labeled as a feminist was a combination, a taboo and definitely distilled.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman rebel until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of it.
For me, certain claims are inadequates, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same street for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible to the antibiotics and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or floor-scale documents.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you need to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of conclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist from me.
I have another conference.
When I drive to work, I hear rap music radiation to everything volume.
Even though the letter degraded women and offers me deeply -- the classic "Samary Shakewitts of the Angeles Angel Twitter is incredible.
"Make it reality with your mouth task.
Period, do, move until you hurt the counter."
Think about it.
It's pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortality for my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the cardiac cockoting, the care of the lawns, and the maintenance maintenance of the machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bacheloma and the Romantic Computers, and I have absorbed fantasies from the stories that are done.
Some of my delicates are more descended.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband's shoes, it's your choice, and I'm not a purpose to play.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election, the problem is that our society is wired so that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
It rejected the conventional feminist that has ignored or distributed historically the needs of the color women, the workers, homosexual and transgendered -- in favor of white women, heroic, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist feminist.
It also happens the following: As a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put fallen feminist in a pediatrician.
We hope that they are going to give you the perfection.
When we get rid of them, we would return them with a lot of likes from the same pediatrician where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I think I think of that pediatrician before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear to what that tag means for fear to not be able to meet with a little bit of realistic expectations.
Take for example, Beijing, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the American Video Adams, 2014, in MTAP, in front of the word "Feminist 10 feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star openly embracing the feminist and making women to know young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Over time, cultural critics started internalized debates if Beijing was or not exactly feminist frame.
They called their feminist instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand female perfection, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot of it, we need so tightly a lot.
So let's go far beyond the sensible and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, to break it up until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad mechanism, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our expectations to realize -- going to action and being a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degradation music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demand change effectively to their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does their music have to be so pedestrians."
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that it makes it harder for women to achieve equality, equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my sunlight, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls -- decided and brilliant and also very valuable.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, suddenly the best option was visited as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport -- via Transition play.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film on another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their fellow standards as back as backgrounds.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, both to participate like to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny us to be included until more like us as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making jobs.
Because we are not least members. Without these efforts, without taking these positions. Our achievements.
We can make these little acts of bravery and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direct power and photographer and music producers and music, CEOs, the legislators that can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also deal with our feminist very well, well, bad, or whatever drone.
The last line of my book "Malaysia Feminist: says, "I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because I was facing my voice, I was stolen and the feminist helped me to get it back to me.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids got me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with it I came back to writing.
I get back in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if I was a little courageous -- another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little courageous when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 133 children in California had a measles for having visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, including over 100 children in Tumor.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than a half century, but many of the children involved in the Denohs outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed to be without worse, autism.
But a moment, was not the article that defined the politics about autism and devices, descended and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal?
Doesn't it believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a study?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the increase of autism in the time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrics that I heard of talking about that they create all of their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000 or four children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot apart.
fund organizations like autism as Australia Spanish refer to autism as an epidemic as if I could get from another child in Desonari.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Center of Astronomy in Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like small diagnostic crisis and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of the fears.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow progress and capital of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanglade, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1943, Kanglade published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to inhabit private worlds and never have the people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey of the panic personally as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanglade speculated that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as I gather reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is not really extraordinary, because the criteria of Kangian for autism diagnosis were very responsible.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
Once he was raised that he had turned to nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kango was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not blind.
I classify autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and descented.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanglade noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that argue in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 cents before they were two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records -- he certainly said, "Beach back."
But Kanglade had a bad opinion of these skills, taking things out like the kids were simply recovering what they had heard their parents and was desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test Kango theory that autism was weird.
Larry Winder, London cognitive psychologist thought that the theory of the New York mothers was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and affecting, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lorno and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Loran and their colleague, Judith Google decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They took a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They prisoners a London suburb called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was that Kangladesh model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and more diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, whereas others were locked in their fascination for astrophysicist, in dinosaurs or in the genius of reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in nice and search pictures, as Judie's said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanglade would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been paralyzed from these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1994, the year next to Kangladesh, and then forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kango knew about this article of competition, but he avoided spontaneously to mention it in his own work.
There was no even an English translation -- but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who runs a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Apple for teaching children with learning differences were productive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercises with music, and kids follow their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Ashler called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in the development of methods of education that were especially right for them.
fundamentally, Asper saw autism as a diverse continuum that took a surprising variety of money and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been watching aspects of this continuum in architects known in the pop culture as the top social scientist, and the teacher displaced.
He was beyond even to say, for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lornor and Judie's discovered that Kanglade was wrong when autism was infectious, so the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychiatry to expand the criteria of diagnostics that would reflect the diversity of what they called autism "The automobile.
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into party, holding the limited model of Kanglade by a broad and inclusive and inclusive Apple.
These changes didn't fit in broken salary.
Carefully, when London and Judy worked between basements to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Ray Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, falling through experts knew what the autism, but after the infinity act of Dustic Hawaii as Ray Babbage and the recognition of "Ray Man with four prize of Academy, presidents, psychologists and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they were introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Ray Man: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnoses started to elevate, just like London and Judy, in fact they hoped that it was, by making people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew Wal-Mart came to blame vaccines by the increase in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful signature, and seductive history as bad as Kangladesh theory that autism was confident.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of every 68 children in the United States are on the spectrum -- is right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances by taking the term cell to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distinctive, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world didn't build for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which creates that the cure for the most compelling aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named School Bakers once said, "We need all the hands in cover to create the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste and a brain.
Thank you.
